__label__1 Hypocritical, Biased, outdated and misleading: This book opens with the author explaining his objective analysis of popular fallacies within economics. In no way is this book objective, it is not so much a introduction to economics than a book with a political agenda. He rarely shows two sides of the arguement, spins fact real well all the while omitting valuable information contrary to his veiws. DONT READ THIS AS YOUR FIRST ECONOMICS BOOK, and if you do read it, take it with a grain of salt.
__label__1 Capitalism straight, in small unpalatable doses: If you want your faith in market forces and low taxation reinforced, this is a straightforward, but blinkered attempt to make you forget all about government regulation. Funny that west-European countries with bigger taxation and more government influence have less crime, better education, better health care, better TV programmes than the US. They also organise their politics better, so that the tax money is better spent. It did set me right on one or two points, and parts are written in a spuriously funny way, but it is too biased to be really informing . Clearly the writer has never listened to people he doesn't agree with.If you have an open mind compare this dangerous nonsense with the writings of Naomi Klein to see how unfettered capitalism works out in practice.
__label__1 Right-libertarian views presented as fact: The problem I have with Hazlitt's economics primer is that much of the information he presents as fact is nothing but right-libertarian ideology.Hazlitt attempts to "explode liberal myths" by taking out of context the social advances America has made in the last 70 years. The author believes that unchecked corporate power will liberate the economy and, therefore, humanity.Hazlitt is obviously a corporate apologists who refuses to scrutinize the "successes" of liberalized trade policies throughout the world. A look at any number of third world countries will reveal the true outcome of relinquishing government and social controls of the economy.
__label__1 ASTOUNDING: It is astounding that anyone in this age can seriously recommend this book. It has no bearing on the world economy and is blatantly anti labor and anti government regulation. It is hopelessly out of date.
__label__1 how to fail economics 101: This book preaches a very right wing kind of economics. If you can imagine one of Rush Limbaugh's readers or helpers writing a primer on economics, then this is it. Keep government small etc. The author most likely was an Austrian school follower. As it is avaiable free on Limewire, maybe get a free copy on the Net or browse it in your local library. No need to buy unless you want to flesh out (sic) the ideas of Mr Limbaugh et al. The book relentlessly hammers home the ideas that government should be amall, self interest drives the economy forward and that state intervention is bad.
__label__1 Read this if You're Stupid and wish to be Fanatically Stupid: Very Stupid. Once you enslave your mind to a blind, fantasy-based, utopian distortion of capitalist society, which has nothing to do with the actual functioning of that system on any level, at anytime whatsoever (and the top beneficiaries wouldn't have it any other way - no matter what this economic-libertarian garbage espouse), this is what comes out of your pencil. Read this book, turn off the real world, and turn on to a reactionary and libertarian-utopian rehash of greed, plunder, pillage and plutocracy WORSHIP touted as "common sense."
__label__2 Back to basics...: Sometimes back to basics is the clearest path towards understanding current realities. It is amazing to me that a book written in 1946 is still so fundamentally relevant.
__label__2 A great alternative perspective: Particularly appropriate for these times (even many decades after it was written), Hazlitt's Economics in One Lesson offers an alternative to the traditional Keynesian economic theory of the 20th Century. This book is a fairly easy read for non-economists and, though a bit repetitive towards the end, quite enlightening. I'd recommend this book strongly for any student of macro economics or anyone curious in what is happening to the global economy.
__label__2 Sanity in Economics: This is economic sanity. Easy to understand. If more people and especially those in government would read this book, we would be better off.
__label__2 Fine Summary: This is a great primer that should be read in all schools. Hazlitt does not deal in economic details here. Intead, Economics in One Lesson covers more useful ground for the average person: it cumulatively teaches us how to think logically about economic issues. And, of course, how you think is the basis for what you think. Even the casual reader will take away an ability to spot economic silliness, many of which spring from the same bad premises, the same elementary blindness to cause-and-effect. Economics in One Lesson provides the type of knowledge that stays with you for a lifetime.
__label__2 A good libertarian primer: This book is a little outdated, and a little heavy on the libertarianism, but otherwise it's a very easy read, and I particularly like some of the stories it uses to present basic economic ideas.
__label__2 Important: Just under two hundred pages, I learned more from this short book on Economics than from three entire textbooks in College. Concise, well worded and simplified reality. Anyone wanting to understand the market system and how it works can gain greatly by reading Hazlitt.
__label__2 Economics: Very clearly written with a minimum of jargon. Basic principles easy to understand even for the non-economist, but topics were not oversimplified. Essential reading for anyone who wants to make informed decisions in these troubled economic times.
__label__2 Frighteningly Prophetic: An easy to understand overview of economics and, when considering the condition we are in today, scary! It explains a great deal about our current economic problems though originally written in the 40's.
__label__2 Great book: This is a great introduction to economic analysis. It is very well written and the examples are still surprisingly current.Bad economic thinking plagues the political and mediatic scene. Hazlitt focuses his effort on a key mistake, that of ignoring the unseen possibilities (or opportunity cost).
__label__2 Great summary of some very difficult economic principles: This was my first experience reading Hazlitt and it won't be my last. He has an "Adam Smith" way of writing (whether intentional or not, who's to tell) and everytime I wanted to compare this book to Wealth of Nations, I quickly curbed my enthusiasm. This is a good book, not great and I'm not quite sure why all the great reviews. I do like his way of explaining some very difficult economic ideas and I can see this book being a valuable introduction to economic principles, maybe not economics 101. In summary, well worth your time to read but not a good enough book to truly fit it's title.
__label__1 over-simplified diatribe: Wow, this one is really out there. Only Any Rand and Ron Paul, who know nothing about economics, could recommend this book. For example, consider these laughable claims, that I paraphrase -The primary problem with economics as practiced is that no thought is given to the long term consequences of policies to all groups.There is no difference between supply and demand.The vast majority of economists are ignoramuses.It is all very simple; listen to me.If you can believe this stuff, read the book. You can get it online for free.
__label__1 More politics, less economincs: I wish I had read more of the reviews to learn that this book is less about economics and more about pushing a particular political point of view. The point of view is hard right and the current recession disproves most of the economic patter. After skimming a few pages I threw it away; I didn't even want it in the house.
__label__1 This book's title is misleading.: This is propaganda, not an economics lesson. The book is full of faulty logic apparently spewed to promote a libertarian agenda. I couldn't be less happy with this purchase.
__label__1 Seriously Flawed: Bottom line, there are some serious flaws in the author's thinking. For example, in chapter 11 (Tariffs), the author argues that imposing a $5 tariff on an import (sweaters from England) ends up costing the US. Never once does he add the $5 duty received into the equation. How can someone argue against an import tax without analyzing what happens to the revenues from that tax? When the next chapter stated that Exports must equal Imports, I quit reading.In short, I couldn't agree more with the author that all too often the analysis of costs/benefits focus is too narrow. Yet, in trying to expanding the analysis beyond the 'too narrow', the author's analysis in fact is often too narrow.
__label__1 Not a primer, way too political: Going to be brief here: If you are looking for an introductory to economics, begin your search elsewhere. Hazlitt has an opinion, and he presents it here. I was looking for something that presents both sides of sticky issues, but more importantly, spends a great deal of time on the fundamentals.This book fails in that respect. Keep looking. (Samuelson, Mankiw, Malkiel...)
__label__1 Straight to the trash can!: Threw this book right in the trash not even a chapter into it, because I realized it is nothing but the same old recycled and obsolete right-wing drivel that we've been peppered with over and over, and that took our country to the edge of a second Great Depression. If you are a concerned American you should stay away from this book!
__label__2 Pretty cool: Let me first say I'm into HipHop(real Hiphop, slug, Atmosphere, etc). I have latelly been checking out the Euro scene of music(I don't know bought a Bmw could have been influencing me lol). I like this chick(not only cute) but she is cute and beats are catchy. Their music makes wanna make me drive fast. The older I get(30), the more I listen to beat and the complete way the music is put together. So liking the Goldfrapp stuff. So I by these cd's for my girl(while secretly ripping them to my zune). Right now working overtime to go check out Europe and stuff(not better than America, but different obviously the as an European visiting here. Good catchy cd, interesting use of instruments and keyboards. Did I mention she is cute little thing. Check out their videos they are a trip.
__label__2 Allison rocks!: I have just recently discovered Goldfrapp and boy look at what I have been missing out on!This disc is incredible! My only gripe...it needs to be longer!Number 1 is an excellent song so walk out into velvet!Such a shame that US radio does not play such a wonderous mix of techno & electronica on the airwaves, yet forces us to listen constantly to tired rap lyrics about hos and bling, dumb TV show contest winners and R&B; idiocy.Allison has them all beat, hands down!
__label__2 Kids love it: It's Thomas! Kids love it. I can tolerate him better than Barney or those Wiggles. Still sounds so odd to hear George Carlin narrating a children's movie...
__label__2 Great for kids!: As usual, Thomas and Friends are entertaining in all the best ways for kids! Good lessons and good fun.
__label__2 Chocolate delicious by body hottie: this book was delicious it was very interesting i never knew most of this stuff in thereit made me so hungry for chocolate and im a chocolate fanaticDELCIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!even the book tasted good~~~ body hottie
__label__2 A Stellar Kid's Tape!: This is not your average kid's tape! Nancy Cassidy's wonderful alto voice invites even the musically challenged to sing along. As with all her tapes, there is a terrific mix of traditional and new music, use of many instruments, and varied musical styles. Even our one year-old dances when we put this on!
__label__1 Too much kid-pop music for a dark, animated movie!: I don't like the fact that there was so much kiddie-pop music on the soundtrack,where as the first, second, and third movies had a blend of rock, techno, hip-hop, andrap... but this one had too much kid music for a movie that was (for the most part)dark!The only song on this album that fit the mood of the movies was 'Lights Out' by P.O.D.!That re-mix of the song is the only reason why I bought this album!Not recommended for the whole album, just that one song...
__label__2 TMNT Soundtrack: I love the songs on this CD. Some of the songs make me want to run fast and punch stuff.
__label__2 Egbert is such a wonderful name: After years of searching, which ended with a 400 or so page photocopied version with missing pages, I found this book. This book is the only in depth and detailed english language record of almost all vegetation on Okinawa and the Ryukyu islands that I know of. The information within is in both Japanese (an older style) and English. I know of no other place that this book exists aside from the post library on Torii Station.
__label__2 sweet musings for loss and love: Its a Game and Calling over Time are Edith Frost's best music. There are years between the two albums but the kinship is very very close. Each song on Its a Game will transport you to the world of sweet repose. Much like a summer or autumn friendship that simply fades this music is so hauntingly familiar to the feelings that linger after the time has left you in a state of misty eye wonder.Thanks to Edith for writing so candid and for the music arrangements that are simply perfect for her songs. Again thanks for the kinship and this is highly recommended.
__label__2 The Art of Chinese Medical Science: I read this book, It's a good source of information related to Chinese Medicine. I would call it an Art of Chinese Medical science.
__label__2 What more do I need?: Price and function are two of the main reasons I now own this camcorder. I have webtv so I can capture all of the stills I need and do it quite easily and without software and a computer.Keep it simple stan is definitly my mantra and this camcorder helps me do just that. More functions and options would just go to waste and be confusing.It is light and ergonomic and I got a free tripod and camera bag with mine at circuit city. I wouldn't buy electronics on line again (been there done that). A longer battery life would be all I would ask for .
__label__2 A great American Sisters book.: Ten year old Erna Anderson and her sixteen year old sister Alfreda lived lives of poverty in Sweden. Their father went to America seven years ago, and finaly sent for Mother and their little brother Karl. But Karl had died, and Mother was ill, so Erna and Alfreda would have to make the journey to America alone, in third class on the Titanic. The two sisters, seperated at first by poverty and sorrow, soon become friends. But when the Titanic hits an iceberg and begins to sink, can they survive?
__label__1 not quite what I was expecting: I originally bought one of Daniel's previous albums (the title had 'insomniac' in it). the previous album was mostly acoustic with melodic vocals. I bought it for my wife. she loved it. Next year, I purchased deflaboxe and the CD got thrown back at me. This album was NOTHING like the previous album I had purchased for her. so if you are like me and buying this album based on his previous work, think again. he took a completely different style with this album.
__label__2 Agressive, Wild, Experimental & Honnest poetry: In this experimental album, Bélanger shows his own dark & hidden garden. Obviously describing his fights against a depressive lifestyle and his deepest reflexions in his previous album (Rver Mieux - wich totally impressed me), he comes back with an exclusive musical and lyrical style mostly expressing how he concieves life as a constant fight (analogy: boxe). All songs bearing numbers instead of titles, he lets listners use their intelligence & imagination in order to "feel" the music his own way.One of the most impressive album from Quebec this year.I give 5 stars and two thumbs up.
__label__1 Nineteen folktales of South and Central America: This children's book is a collection of nineteen folk tales collected and retold by the author from his travels throughout Central and South America. The book won the 1925 Newbery Medal for best contribution to American children's literature. I am oviously in the minority with my opinion: I only awarded the book two stars. I simply found it boring. But, this is obviously a good resource of South American folktales. Perhaps those who enjoy such material will like the book more than I.
__label__1 This book is incomprehensible: This book was an anthology of 19 stories. I didn't like it because it was hard for me to make a mental picture in my head. I had to read almost every paragraph over. I could not comprehend at all!
__label__1 It wasn't very good!: This book was about witches and possession. I do not believe in those things. I am a Christian! I did not like this book very much at all! I don't think this is a good book for kids to be reading, because they might have nightmares. Some of the stories are hard to comprehend. But if you do like those kind of things you will enjoy this book! Thank you for reading my review.
__label__1 Very boring: I agree with the reviewer who is not the author. This is really a bad book. Totally not believable with no depth to the characters. I find it hard to believe this book is so popular overseas. I should consider writing for a living. I think the author is a little touchy, too. I guess it was too much for her that someone didn't like her boring book.
__label__1 on order: I just ordered this fudge. It looked so good and seemed to be priced well I thought I would give it a try. I have looked at just about every store where we live and can not find any maple fudge. I am hoping this will taste as good as it looks. I will send another feedback after I have had my first bite. Can't wait.
__label__2 Long torso but great product: Received this product in the mail and have worn it a few times. It's fairly comfortable for a bustier/corset style waist cincher. The boning is very supportive and higher quality then a bridal style corsette (most of those are cheap and just to get things to lay down more smoothly). I'm pleased with the product. One thing I will say on the negative side is that I'm rather short. These are more of a one-size fits all from what I understand and mine is a bit long in the torso since I'm 5'1". Not an issue, it's meant that way so that it will cover under the chest down to about the belt so you dont have any random tire hanging over your pants, but I'm already fairly thin and this just causing the top wires to rub under my bra or jeans. Not the best for sitting, whereas a custom corset or one with a smaller torso likely wouldn't do that. The cloth is fairly comfortable and does as promised.
__label__2 Love This Item: I have four squeem shapewear items and i love them all. I do suggest finding your correct size, not the size you think you are. The terry cloth lining absorbs all wetness and i do see a difference in my shape. It flattens your middle so your blouses, tshirts and dresses look much nicer.
__label__2 Had some problems at first but now i love it: I received my Squeem 1 month ago and was super excited when i first wore it but then the bone started sticking into my back right under my bra line it wasnt very comfortable not like when i tried it in the store and the top kept rolling over giving me the appearance of more rolls in the back. This was definaitely NOT the look i was going for LOL. Luckily i decided to dtop in the store where i first saw & tried it and spoke to one of the clerks who told me i had to pull it all the was down till it was half-way covering my butt & hips. EUREKA!! What a difference this made now i'm loving it and hardly leave home without it. I originally bought the XL nude now i'm getting ready to purchase the black vest in a L. Great product, my only complaint is that the bones could be firmer.
__label__2 Good choice for getting a vintage look: I have the nude version of this chincher in small.I favour a vintage pinup look every day so the small waist is a main focus. I do have vintage styled cinchers and other authentic shapewear but they are expensive. This is a perfect substitute for day to day wear.As said in annother review you cannot wear this under clingy slinky clothes as it does ripple up at the front.I would recomend wearing a slip under it to avoid skin irritation. I wear a corset liner available from waist training specialists.The length is fine on me, going from just below the bra line down to the hip bones (I am 5ft 4)The cinching effect takes about 1.5 - 2 inches off my waist comfortably, enough to get into my vintage dior.I do not wear it enough to comment on the claims of permenant inch loss...but I think I will give it a try.
__label__2 Squeem works well: I am pleased with this item. It would be helpful if it were slightly longer for my torso, but everyone is different of course.I wear it a lot and it has held up well. It is rubbery, so a base layer is important or you may break out when your body perspires.
__label__1 Too small - NO RETURNS: I received this in the mail and followed the measurements on the site to get my size...when it arrived I could not fasten it as it was too small.........AND THERE IS NO REFUND.....So I didn't wear it or use it....and I am out $35.00 plus....for the privilege of not getting the product I asked for....one I could wear and use...will not buy from this seller again
__label__2 wow: this product does exactly what it says it does! the only issue is the first time you put it on it is pretty difficult to put on. the hook and eyes are stiff but once you do it a couple times it becomes much easier!! Don't give up it is worth it!
__label__2 Great!: I enjoyed this waist cincher! it corrects my posture, and makes me look slimmer!However, I think it stretched out a bit... Or I lost some inches!
__label__1 Wasn't what I expected: I ordered the item according to the chart that was associated with the size and it ended up being to big. The item is also like it is made from rubber, but because I needed it for this weekend I don't know what I am going to do at this point.
__label__2 great: provides great support and slims me down by 2 inches when I wear it (I ordered a size small). The size chart is very accurate, it fits like a glove.
__label__2 a good smoother: I do believe this product is very good but, in my case, the cincher smooths my waistline more than anything. I am already petite, so the cincher doesn't significantly reduce my waistline. It does, however, make my waist look A LOT smoother and hour-glass like. You cannot really wear it under thin clothing, as others have pointed out, and, for me, it is impossible to wear it during hot summer days - the sweating and the rubber can create a rash situation - but I still recommend the product. It is a very good and very cool cincher. I think it can even be worn on top of clothing, for a goth or fetish look. It is well-made and makes clothes look better on you.
__label__2 Works Well!: I bought this item for my wedding dress! I wanted to make sure that I "tried out" the cincher before my big day and it works really well! I started out with this same item, in a Small - but it gave me "back fat" which I do not normally have...I returned the Small and opted for the Medium and it works like a charm. When wearing the cincher you have two "size options" with the double hook closure..which allows you to let it out more around the bust & tighter around your "natural" waist to create a better shape. It definately does the trick and is made of rubber material(def makes you sweaty...but it DOESNT move around) Totally worth it!Kinda painful...the boning pushes into my "under/side boob" probably because I am not super skinny immediately under my boobs...(size 36 DD)Ladies, if it helps..I am 5'2 135lbs busty, not super skinny but not fat(size 27 in jeans)
__label__2 squeem cincher: Love this. I had been looking in I don't know how long for this kind of product. I've had 2 babies so far and haven't found a product like this. I had an idea of what I wanted which was kinda like a coursette, but without all the wires showing or nothing rolling up. I came across this squeem cincher and had my doubts, but I've had it for a week already (I ordered all 3, black & beige waist cincher and beige body shaper that has straps)and I've already got used to wearing it everyday, it's pretty comfortable and best of all it gives you a nice shape and flat belly look. I love it, now I'm just hoping it will help me in losing some inces from my waist. I've read that it can last up to over a year, so deffinitly worth the money. Would recommend this to everyone.
__label__1 not really worth it: I wore this for my wedding since I hadn't lost all of my pregnancy weight. It was great for a little bit. But then started getting a crease around my waist. I can't wear it anymore. Plus it made me feel very sick if I wore it for more than a couple hours. They suggest wearing it 8 hours? I couldn't do it. As soon as I take it off I am instantly better.
__label__2 Great product; great seller!: I got this item within a few days of my purchase. It is exactly what I wanted -- I look a whole size smaller, instantly. I tried on the Squeem in a boutique and fell in love, but they were asking almost $200 for it! I highly recommend this item and the seller.
__label__1 Painful Experience: I think the concept is great but with this particular product, they have these sections that are thicker rubber (or whatever the material is) and it literally pushed into my ribs every time I sit down. I commute a lot and have a desk job so its not a very pleasant experience to have that pushing and bruising your rubs every day. It would've been nice except for those thicker lines of rubber that aren't very flexible.
__label__2 Great Product!: Item was delivered quickly and it looks just like the picture. It is a great item because it does not roll up when you sit down. I've been looking for one like this for a while and would recommend it to anyone. Of course, you must use it long term to reshape your body but it is worth the money.
__label__1 poor fit: After trying three different sizes,I still couldn't find one that fit. I first ordered a medium and it wouldn't even come close to hooking so I went up to size to xlarge which was waaay to big, my last possible option would be a large and it was still huge, wish I would have sent it back but was just tired of the whole process and kept it. The hooks are a pain as well and it is way over priced.....there is a zippered option on amazon that is much cheaper.
__label__1 Not recommended!: When I received this, not only was it way too small for me, the first and only thing I noticed was the horrible smell that came out of the packaging! It was unbearable, sort of like a burnt rubber smell. There's no way I would recommend this to anyone. There are definitely other products on the market that do the job!!
__label__1 Gave me a waist, but just pushed my fat around: The product did what it was "supposed to" which was to give me a waist, but it kind of just redistributed my fat. My waist was super tiny, but above and below (mostly below) I bulged like crazy, so I ended up just looking really oddly proportioned. My husband thought that I looked a little like an arthropod, so definitely not the sexy curvy lady that I wanted to be... I guess this product worked for other ladies, but for me, it just looked really unnatural and odd.
__label__1 Advertized as "New" but arrives worn out: Please note that I ordered three of these items as gifts and was surprised to see that only one arrived in its original packaging (with plastic cover and without any signs of it being worn). The other two had no plastic cover and had obvious streaks on the material. All three were advertized as "New" on Amazon site. Before you decide to buy new item, beware that you may be receiving item that someone else has returned so please inspect for any signs of item being worn (if fabric is stretched or not in its original plastic cover). These items should be advertized correctly and not sold as "New"
__label__2 Great results, with some side effects...: I have one of those "spare tire" waists, but when I put this on, I had an hourglass shape... I've never had results like this with any other shapewear... But it does come with some side effects...Wore it to work for 8 hours, took it off to find that my skin was a grayish color (i'm black) and had lines (which turned to bruises) on my sides and lower back where it folded from sitting... I did like the way it gave me a much trimmer waistline, so the next day I wore a camisole under it and it was very comfortable. That experience did, however, give me more incentive to exercise and get fit so I don't have to depend on anything to "make" me look trimmer...
__label__2 Perfect for getting rid of pesky love handles: Typically I wear a medium adult women's sized shirt and a large in juniors- and I have pesky love handles thanks to my 2 beautiful babies :).This really works, well too- sucks you together and gives you that lift and confidence you want/need.The one thing that makes it not have 5 stars is that after a while it starts to bunch up in the middle (if you have some curve to you) and I'm not sure how to get it stretched out again.However, overall- if it didn't bunch up- I would give it 5 stars :)
__label__1 Upset: I've been wearing the waist clincher for the last two years. I purchased a new one recently and it's not the same type of material of the previous ones i've brought. I thought maybe because i had lost weight, so i brought a smaller sizer, but that one didn't fit the same either. I thought i found a miracle when i first purchased the girldle through Amazon, but i have found my recent purchase has surely let me down...
__label__1 Falling apart: When I first received this product I was plenty happy, I thought I had finally (after 8 years of switching from cincher to cincher) found the right one. It squeezed my belly enough that it actually got me to "right-sized" eating (whereas a lot of times I would get seconds, I found when I wore this cincher I could only eat one serving), which of course is wonderful. I didn't mind that sometimes it bunched up, I didn't mind that sometimes it left welts (that went away shortly after I removed the cincher), however, after about two weeks, on of the metal prongs came out, making the cincher essentially useless because it doesn't hold it's form. Even the cheap cinchers at Walmart held up better than this and cost only a fraction of what this cost.
__label__2 ahi: I am 116 lbs. but after 4 kids (a set of twins) the tummy was not the same. squeem gives me a beautiful shape under my clothes...never look better. the only downfall it does not cut inches off or make you loose any body fat..after its off all the bulge comes out. It makes you look great thou...don't leave home without it.
__label__1 Incrediby difficult to put on: With the type of closures and the amount of compression it is meant to give it's really difficult to put on. You need a hand to pull it closed in order to actually be able to close each of the 20 some odd hooks.
__label__1 Squeem: I ordered according to the size chart for my measurements and it was way to small!! Very uncomfortable.I returned it,
__label__2 A bit uncomfortable...: I had to exchange the size but the small is still _really small_. It gives me a nice shape but I should probably be wearing a medium. I am a size 6 with a belly left over from a 25 pound weight loss. It's tedious to put on and I'm exhausted when I finally get that last hook hooked! There has to be an easier way! The back support you get is awesome but sitting in it can get uncomfortable after a while. I recommend wearing it over a light weight tank of some kind. The material used irritated my skin a little bit and it made me sweat a little. Should you buy it? If you are tolerant of the ins and outs, then go for it. It was inexpensive.
__label__2 This is the one: I'm fairly tall and this could go on someone taller then me, with no problem. I love that you can't see it under clothes. I notice my back feel better with it on, my posture improves, and I look good in my clothes. I love this!
__label__2 really love it.: Does the job and I feel the tightness. Thanks for making a change that is a big difference for me. I would recommed others to buy it.
__label__2 Wow!: All and all this is a very nice product. It really holds in those unwanted mid life bulges and it looks smooth under your clothing. It sort of helps your posture when sitting at a computer for very long hours. The inner cotton lining feels nice against the skin and it appears to move moisture,although not totally, away from your skin. Now mind you it is pure rubber, yes I said rubber, so make sure you wash it thoroughly, also it will take two days to air dry.I brought one with straps and bought the strapless one from Amazon......much cheaper than a boutique.Cher!
__label__1 Not the shape I was going for....: I have ordered the Squeem on three different occasions, trying a large, medium and small as my size changed after having twins. Unfortunately, I was disapointed every time and I returned it after trying it on. I don't know why I kept trying aside from desperation. It just gave me a very weird shape. Sure, it cinched in my waist at the sides but what I needed was to flatten my muffin top. I basically felt as if it squeezed my waist in and pushed all my "excess" down into the lower half of my torso making my muffin top even worse. I'm giving the product the benefit of the doubt with two stars thinking maybe it's just my body type that is the problem. I have a long torso at 5'10 and 140lbs. Great product in concept but didn't work at all for me.
__label__1 Bones: This product does suck you in Great !! But the bones in here tore back back up, I had all kinds of bruising when I took this off after wearing it all day, they need to make one smooth with out the bones.
__label__2 Magic: After 3 c sections, I need all the help I can get. I started with the size Large (when I was a size 12). I have moved on to the medium (I am between 8-10 now). The medium is REALLY tight, but does the job. I prefer the large day to day because I have 3 children under 6 to run after, and it is a bit more comfortable for that. These things are really great. I can't believe I didn't know about them after my first 2 c sections. They should send all women home with them after giving birth!
__label__1 Wrong item shipped!!!!!: I ordered this waist cincher specifically to wear on my wedding day with my beautiful sleeveless dress. Unfortunately, they shipped the WRONG thing, and now I am stuck with a big, bulky and hideous vest! It has very ugly racerback straps, and I will definitely not be able to wear this under my dress. And the worst part, I'm out the money! I can't even return it for a refund, even though I haven't opened the box. VERY disappointed in this company. Buyer beware!
__label__1 Sizing is Ridiculous: I measure as a Small and the Small and Medium did NOT fit. Update: I ordered a Large and wore it for 2 days and it stretched too much. I am not sure this will help, but I have worn the item so I cannot return the Large. I am not any smaller than when I began so the Large did stretch and did not shrink my waist and/or hips.
__label__1 So what is the sizing?: I ordered a 3X, because that's the size that the website said to order, it came and lacked about 8 inches closing....so I looked at the package and it says I should have ordered a 5x...seemed extreme, but I exchanged it.I was very impressed with the speed of the exchange, I'll say that....However, when the 5X arrived, it's so big it just gaps and falls off? So, was the 3X mislabeled, or is this 5x mislabeled? I'm needing something with some firm support for post surgery care....so I really don't know what to do at this point?
__label__1 Causes sweat that makes it unwearable!: This corset makes me Sweat like a hog, I am not I'm a petite woman just looking for structure to maintain a flat stomach. Theres no doubt it gave me a fantastic shape, was flawlessly discreet under my clothes but I was forced to stop wearing it, because by the end of the day it was very uncomfortable, hot and sweaty underneath. This was bad for my skin too, it made it dry and would have gotten red and irritated if I kept wearing it and for longer periods. It got to the point where it was pointless to wear because the was no breathing for my skin underneath it and I'd want to take it off immediately, so I never wore it, and just gave up and returned it. Still looking for a perfect corset, this however is NOT it. Don't waste your time.
__label__2 best money I ever spent on shape wear: I received mine today and I squeeled with delight when I heard the door bell ringing for delivery. I immediately put it on. It does take some muscle power..but no where as hard as I was expecting to get it on. It sucks, tucks and hold!!!!! My S/O was giving me the side eye..he didnt get my excitement , this was just another one of my many purchases. BUT!!! But ladies and gentlemen ***for the man who is looking to buy a gift their lady will love** when I started trying on my dresses he exclaimed "WOW!! it does take off a few inches of the waist"...I love it. I have been walking around the apartment in it and I have been sitting and standing with no problems. Well it does force you to sit upright. Which is great!..small waist and fabulous posture...I can't complain. I am loving my squeem!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
__label__2 works great: Bought it 3 months after pregnancy with twins. I had gone down to my pre-pregnancy weight but my tummy was still not firm. Used the belt and reduced the waist to pre-pregnancy size after wearing it 8 times.
__label__1 Great at first...not so good over time: Perhaps I got a bad one? A factory second? For the first 3-4 days I wore mine, it was great, just as advertised, helped me fit into those pants that are just a tiny bit too snug around the waist. I was very happy and it helped me concentrate on my posture, too, although it was very difficult to turn in the car seat when backing out of a parking space! However, I put it on today, and while my left side is all smooth and nicely held in, the support thing (bone or whatever) under my right breast seems to have lost all its firmness. My entire right front is pushing outwards on that, making a vertical bulge; whereas my left side is still firm and compressed. I don't know what could be happening.
__label__2 Recommend this: I used this product 19 years ago after my pregancy while working out and getting back to shape. I had a slimmer waist within weeks. You tend to sweat and lose inches having this on. It is a bit uncomfortable at first and it takes getting used to, but I would wear it only while working out. Otherwise, I would take it off.19 years later, after having my second child, I was looking for the same waist cincher which I just received and began working out with it. I am a firm believer this will bring my waist to where I was prior being pregnant with my workouts. It is well made and sturdy. The metal hooks never pinch nor they unhook while doing exercising. I recommend this product.
__label__1 boning is not a plus: It holds things together but the boning gets uncomfortable, would have been better without it. It also folds in with the fold of my stomach, which I didn't want, so it doesn't get that pooch area as well as I would've liked. I guess if you just want to tuck things in to wear a dress this would be good, thats about it.
__label__1 Pass: The Sizes run really small, It flips up even though, they said it would not and the hooks don't hold. I am very dissapointed.
__label__2 Love this!: I'm training my waist to lose inches. I used to always buy fajas which are very uncomfortable and takes alot of getting used to. I wear them most of the day and throughout the night. This one is more comfortable (as something squeezing u can be) and looks good under certain clothes. I like that the inside is a rubbery material that helps u sweat. It speeds up the weight loss process. I plan to buy the next size down soon because my waist has already shrank! I probably will buy the one with the straps next time because the strapless does kinda push ur back fat up and with certain clothes you can see it. All in all it's a great product and the most comfortable cincher I've ever bought.
__label__1 Poor quality: I purchased this item to wear postpartum. I love how it fits and how well it smooths things out post baby. The major downside to this is the poor quality. The eye portion of about five of the hook/eye closures has come out entirely. I know that this is not a sizing issue because I followed the sizing for the product and it's only select ones that appear to not have been sewn as well as the rest. Very disappointing for what would have otherwise been an awesome product that I could recommend to others, to instead be a waste of my money!
__label__2 Squeem Perfect Waist, Firm compression: I'm a 100% satisfied with the Squeem Magical Lingerie Shapewear. It delivers what it promises, everything that describes the product it's true. It reduces about 2 inches instantly, it hardly shows with thin clothes, it doesn't let me eat a lot and I feel full the rest of the day, It recommends to wear it about 8 hours but I can even sleep with it, the only thing is that I get marks like when wearing thigh socks, it gives me a smaller waist than what the picture shows, and it's the perfect length for my core.I'm 5'3, I tried another brand before but it was too long for me, I could feel the wires poking specially when bending down. I recommend to measure yourself before ordering any brand.Once I get used to this one, I'm planning to order the "Extra firm compression". It gives more back support and it will reduce the waist even more!
__label__1 Not the best shaper: This would be great if it had boning in it. I am not sure if this os because i have a very pronounced hour glass figure, but when I put it on, the fabric slides the the waist and it has the same effect as if I had a rubber band aroun my waist, forming a bulge above and below my waist. Too bad- I had hoped this would work based on reviews.
__label__1 It works, BUT....: My size medium was true to size. This made my waist smaller and while I had it on, I didn't eat as much because of the pressure, it makes me feel full; however, all of the cinchers do this as it is its purpose. I did like the fact that it's shorter from the lower back and a bit longer on the tummy... BUTTT... a HUGE BUT for me... What I didn't like was that it made big bulges of fat on my upper back (eewww!)... and I don't even have back fat!!! So to me this defeats the whole purpose! All it did was cover my stomach fat but GAVE me back fat!!! Also, what's going on with the price increase?? I just bought this 3 weeks ago for $30, now it's $45!
__label__2 squeem: I like it because it came as I was expecting that , and really helped to save money compare to other stores
__label__1 Product defective after 1 day of use: The product overall was comfortable and did shape nicely. The problem is that after only 1 day of wearing the product was bunched at the waist and the interior supports were bent without repair. I contacted the company and they did say I had the correct size and to wear a tank under the Squeem to help with bunching. This didn't help the bent supports and I returned the product.
__label__2 a great buy!: after baby #2 I knew I wanted to try binding as a form of getting my tummy back as soon as possible. I am so glad that I bought the squeem, it really does cinch your waist giving you an unreal hourglass shape. I began wearing mine 1 week postpartum and people just couldn't believe that I had just had a baby. Now that I am 7 months postpartum, I wear mine to the gym for extra back and abdominal support. It has really helped give me my old shape back and even seems to have nipped in my waist more than it was before!
__label__1 No,No,No This is not for me.....: I own the vest squeem and I absolutely love it!!!!! But this waist cincher is not for me. I'm not gonna say don't buy it because alot of women are shaped different.I just got it yesterday and I'm sending it back. It fit well until my back fat overlapsed over the top of the cincher and thats not attractive at all. So if you know you have more than enough back fat, this is not for you. I tried to adjust it by pulling it up or down and that didnt even help. I wear a size medium, so its my correct size. But it doesnt give me the full coverage support that the vest gives me. The vest covers all the back fat and everything. But I still give Squeem thumbs up though!!! :-)
__label__2 Can't Go Wrong With This Item!: I recently purchased the Power Cotton & Rubber Waist Cincher, and loved it so much I thought I'd give this one a try as well. As far as the smell, it's very faint. Washing it prior to use and putting plenty of dryer sheets in should help the smell diminish pretty quickly. The fit was nice & comfortable. But it's not a solid black like you'd assume. Prepare for a charcoal black/gray color for the exterior. The interior rubber WILL make you sweat ladies, so get ready to have a sticky abdomen at the end of the day. The same thing with the waist cincher, the back begins to bunch up and make wrinkles after a few days.Overall, great product.
__label__1 Would be great but...: The package says it goes from lower belly to just under bust. I am a short woman and it doesn't reach my ribs leaving me with two huge rolls of fat on the front and back. It takes me in great, love that about it but because it isn't long enough I can't wear it anywhere:(
__label__1 works but uncomfortable: Held my tummy in when I tried it on but was way too stiff...the boning and the hooks showed through, so could not even wear it inside a tshirt. Was tough to wear and I was scared of pinching myself while wearing it
__label__1 Major let down!: I bought this product based on the positive reviews. I wish I hadn't bought this waist cincher. The bottom of the cincher ends in a weird triangle, which goes about 4 inches on my thigh, the bottom wrinkles up and looks ugly, it is extremely visible under a normal t-shirt, and it looks TERRIBLE if you sit down while wearing it. This looks decent (barely) when you're standing up, and you might as not wear it if you ever need to sit down. The length is way off, it goes 4 inches down to my thigh and up to an inch from my armpits. I'm 5'3 and weight 125 lbs. This looks terrible and I'm sending it back the same day it was delivered. Save your money.
__label__2 Awsome!!: Really a life saver when it comes to go to a nice party and try to look spectacular especially for me that i give birth 7 months ago and i'm still try to work out the few pounds and belly i have left from that :) really i recomended. Money well spend it
__label__1 Wasnt worth: I bought a pink rubber squeem which had a seperate cotton cloth . That worked well, but i wonder why i dint buy the same and ended up with this. This product hurts me on my left hip and i got scars on my left hip.. :(
__label__2 GREAT THERAPEUTICALLY AS WELL AS GREAT FOR FASHION!!!: I had two reasons for the purchase of this product, one was for my spine difficulties thanks to a severe injury many years ago & the other was pure vanity! But it has surpassed my expectations for both reasons! It is ever so comfortable and makes me look great so I feel beautiful!!! I just cannot express in words how great this product is!!!
__label__1 Not so much: Product is as shown but they didnt have it in stock and it took them almost a month to ship. And then instead of sending next day to compensate they sent it regular mail so it took another week to receive. Not too happy with their customer service.
__label__1 Burn Rubber on Me: I went by the Squeem chart and my waist measurements to find the correct size but to my suprise the waist cincher did not fit. Warning, you cannot return for a refund; only merchandise credit/exchange. Also, the cincher smelled like burnt rubber. Very bulky and will be visible through clothing so you cannot wear with tight fitting clothing.
__label__1 Not worth the price...: I bought this to slim down my tummy under a bridesmaid dress. First, it smelled horrific and still stunk like rubber after washing. Second, it did almost nothing to slim me down, even though I bought the suggested size. Third, after about a half hour of wearing it, it was absorbing sweat and making me feel clammy and uncomfortable. It was extremely uncomfortable to sit down in, and the boning showed through the relatively thick cotton of the dress. I abandoned it completely and felt much better.
__label__1 Torture: Too tight,wanted to help me get back in shape after my baby, couldn't even close the whole thing!Returned it ASAP
__label__1 Squeem: The product states that inches will be removed after 30 days of use and I have worn this item everyday for at least 12 hrs per day and I have not seen any kind of difference.For the price of the item, it is disappointing when it advertises and does not comply.
__label__2 I'm very impressed so far: So I just got mine today and I put it on right out of the box. Like some have said, takes a few minutes to get used to it. I've been wearing it for 5 hours now and I just love it. It covers everything that needs to be covered (and I am long-waisted). It stays put, which I love. It's comfortable. It makes my waist look great and flattens my stomach "pooch". It's comfortable enough to sit in. Best of all, instant posture makeover and it is easing my lower back pain by providing support. I'm looking forward to wearing this for a long time and already foresee a black one in my future. I wonder if I can wear it on my runs? Hmmm... Also: I have a size 31 inch waist and the medium fits perfect on the first loops. Just take your measurements before you order. Hopefully, as I lose weight (from my running/training program) I can cinch it to the tighter loops and get a little more use out of it. Well... then I'll just have to get a size small! I love it!
__label__2 Not for everyone: I was really excited to try this, however it is not for everyone. I have a "flat" stomach just flabby and then I have "love handles" so I thought this would just hold everything in but that's not how it worked for me. It feels great when I have it on but when I look in the mirror I have this pooch in the front that I didn't have before. It takes the extra from the sides and puts it all in the front. I think I would rather have the love handles. I do like the way it feels and the back support is great so I only wear it with baggy shirts. (Not exactly why I bought it but o well). I still gave it 4 stars because it is still working for me, just not how I thought it would.
__label__2 Squeem:> A Combination of Scream and Squeeze?: I first ordered size X-L, but that was too big, so I returned it and bought a L. The first couple of wearings were difficult, but then the product becomes slightly stretched and begins to conform slightly to your body. I do wear a stretchy tube underneath it (sort of like the top part of panty hose). I try to wear it while I am standing or walking around. It is not comfortable to wear while sitting. For me, I think it would be more comfortable if it were about one inch shorter, as I think my torso is shorter than most. I do think it is helping, but I need to wear it for more hours. I am thinking of wearing it while I sleep, rather than in the daytime, but I have not tried that yet. The product is well made.
__label__2 excelent product!: This product does what is said in the description, my waist got smaller and I can stand for hours withoutfeeling any pain on my back. My work requires a lot of lifting this product help protect my back. I love it! Is my second buy. The price is also good, the first one I got cost me $55 this time I paid $36 for it.
__label__1 Hard to put on: The shape wear is difficult to put on and you can see the seams through your clothes. It is hard to bend over, especially as a school teacher! I would definitely like to try Brooke Burke's Belly Taut instead of this old school shapewear!
__label__1 Why does everybody rave when....: This product sucks!It doesn't completely suck... the 2 days I was able to wear it before the boning snapped in half it did compress pretty tight. As many people have noted, it is HELL to get into this the first time.I liked that this wasn't a body suit and the rubber on the outside would keep my shirt from sliding up.BUTThis garment:1) Rides up- if you move a lot it will eventually slide up your waist2) Leaves a huge crease on the skin above your waist-- and it hurts3) Makes you look like a sausage when you sit down: visually divides your belly in half when you sitAs I said I only wore this twice, first time I wore it for about half hour and the second time I had worn it for several hours when the boning snapped in half and was poking into my side (ouch!! )RETURNING THIS!!!
__label__1 Uncomfortable!: It was really easy to put the Squeem on, but once it was on I couldn't wait to get it off!! It wasn't too tight or anything. The problem was that once I stood up straight it bunched up in the hip/mid back area and pinched my skin! It was so painful! No matter how I positioned it, it would bunch up! Really disappointed since it was a waste of $50..
__label__1 Great idea, poor design: This shape-wear is the best I've had until now regarding easiness to wear and put-on. It does a great job at keeping the post-pregnancy flabby belly under control. However, after about 2 months of daily use, the metal that gives the support is coming out from the fabric. It seems that the metal is rubbing out the fabric and thins it enough to come out. I wish there was a better designed support for this binder. Otherwise, it is awesome - good looking for such lingerie. So, if you buy it, expect 2 months of wearing it without problems...
__label__2 best shapewear: it the best shapewear says what it does everyone ask how you look so small bought 3 for friends loveit
__label__1 Waste of time for me: I really wanted this item to work because everybody seemed to love it. It didn't hold anything in on me and it gave me back boobs. Waste of money for me.
__label__1 Not OK!!!: When I ordered this I thought it would allow me to wear some clothes that I haven't been able to do in a while because of my weight gain.I am a woman who has size 40D in breasts so I wear a large in tops and I wear a size 8 in pants, and weight 140lbs. It is suppose to clinch your waist and give you a nice looking figure. Well, it did hug my waist, but it also gave my a muffin top. Not a shape a woman wants to have. I looked better without wearing it. It folds into your folds creating a bigger fold at the top of your body. I would say this item is more for the extremely skinny female who has small breasts', no hips, or ass. Not for a woman who has large breast, hips, and ass. Not for women who are going through post-pregnancy either. For a product thats is suppose to make you feel good about yourself, it failed.
__label__1 Not worth the pain it causes: Squeem Shapewear definitely does the job of sucking you in. However, I found that the rods painfully poked me on the side and ultimately resulted in a wound. Not worth the pain.
__label__2 I love It!: it does what it is supposed to do making you look slimmer in the waist area. my grandmother even notice it, and she didn't even know i bought it. It really makes you look smaller in that area of your body. I would most likely buy another one but next time in a small not medium.
__label__1 disappointed: I think this is a case of my expectations being too high. I was so encouraged by the great reviews of this product, I really was expecting a miracle. After only wearing this twice, it is stretched out. At first, I thought perhaps it would regain it's shape after a few hours but nope! It's no better than a cheap, fashion corset. It will smooth things out so there's less bulging under the clothes but I was looking for a real "waist trainer", something that would go on tight and STAY tight. Considering I found this product when I searched specifically for "waist trainer", I would say the claims of this product are misleading. It is shapewear, it is NOT a "cincher" or a "trainer".
__label__1 itchy: I washed it before used it for the first time. The next day I wore it, I found my skin were itchy all over place on my stomach. And I feel that the heat on my body trapped on that.
__label__2 i love it..: i realy love my shape wear, i got one for myself and one for my daughter and she's notice a big difference,
__label__2 Wow, Ow and What's that smell?: I have been using this for 3 weeks now and while I have seen no difference in my measurements, my posture is definitely improved. I have also lost about 6 pounds, which is likely due to my combination of diet and exercise, but I have also been wearing the corset at least 4 days a week for up to 9 hours at a time.I am 5'9" 150 pounds and I bought a size Small and it fits how it should, super tight. I look forward to eventually going in to the second hooks.My only complaint is the SMELL. It smells like rubber and while I hope no one around me really notices, I notice. I wear a wrap around my midsection underneath it, but after all day the smell still gets on and stays on my skin.Otherwise, the construction is super sturdy and I anticipate only needed one for a long time. Hopefully the smell will fade with more hand washes...
__label__2 squeem is pretty good: i have a 28-29 inch waist normally. should've started with a size Small. the XS seemed a bit smaller than described. definitely gets the job done in cinching the waist!
__label__2 Snug Fit: Great product for giving you that snug fit...it does become very uncomfortable around the waist line if worn to long. I really do like this item, the only BIG issue I have is the fact that you can see the snaps through your clothing...so I suggest not wearing this with a tight fitting dress or shirt, because everyone will know your secret!
__label__1 Poor quality and lousy customer service: The Squeem is a great idea, but their quality is second rate, and their customer service is worse than useless. I'd owned mine for about 4 weeks and worn it only a few hours a day when I noticed that a seam was coming unstitched. The threads aren't frayed; they're unstitching from the seam.Contacting customer service has been an exercise in futility. They've asked for pictures of the damage, and then failed to respond to the pictures, or any further attempts to contact them.For what this costs, it needs to last longer than 4 weeks.
__label__1 IN THE TRASH IT GOES!!!!!: Hello! I am a woman nearing my 60s, and my waist certainly isn't getting any smaller! I purchased this product in the hopes that it would shrink my ever-growing belly. To accommodate for my girth, I bought the Squeem "Magical" Lingerie Shapewear in XXXXX-Large, the largest size available. WELL, here's a bit of magic for ya, sisters. The second I snapped the first two hooks together, the tightness was unbearable. It felt like it was squeezing my waist fat straight down to my giant ass. Fortunately, the discomfort didn't last long, since the hooks flew off and therefore ruined the Squeem altogether. These things need to come in larger sizes. Not even worthy of 1 star. More worthy of steaming diarrhea.
__label__2 Very sturdy: This item is very sturdy and holds in the belly area better than another softer belt I have. The measurements seem true to size and there are two rows of hooks so you can adjust if you lose some weight.The only negative points are that the item smells badly of rubber when new. It must be washed before wearing. The other is that all that rubber can make you sweat. But those are minor complaints if you want to look good for an evening. The belt also helps me sit straight so I think it's good for the back as well as the front.
__label__1 Worked for 5 days then broke: I liked how it pulled everything in! I felt fantastic for about 2 hours. it really flattens the tummy area, which is all I really want, but you can see the hooks threw clothes :( I felt like that ruined it for me, also I had to keep pulling it up. It bunches in the back, and really smells like rubber. After about 5 or 6 days one of the "bones" on the inside broke and was stabbing me in the side! it really hurt. I would not recommend this product.
__label__2 does its job: recommend itit really slim out my waist line clearly cleanly.hope i could buy it in beige color. could be little cheaper
__label__2 Squeem: Love this product. I wear it when I am doing my cardio to help with weight loss. It is true to size.
__label__2 So Far So Good!: I've only worn this for a day so far, but I love it! I still have a little bit of a tummy from the birth of my son 8 months ago. This really holds you in, its comfortable and I don't think it shows through your clothes! I highly recommend!!
__label__2 Makes me look like a i have a perfect hourglass figure: I love how this product makes me look in my clothes!!! its shapes me into a perfect hourglass! i dont know if the claim that it permanantley reduces your waist after 30 days is true because i havent had it that long. my only complaints are that it is a little too short, so i still have a small bulge over the top in vthe back and i think it may be stretching out as i wear it as oppossed to it shrinking me, but overall, it is the best shapewear i have ever purchased. i love it and would recommend it to anyone.
__label__2 simple quick fix: I bought this product to slim my waist and I really didn't have big expectations for it at all. I figured I'd wear it under my clothes for a more defined shape. I've been wearing it for a month already and I've seen my waist go down 2 inches! I wear it all day at work from 7:00 till about 3:00. It fit snug in the beginning but after one week I had to go to the tighter hooks and even that is too big now and I may need to buy a small. I actually like wearing it but I recommend wearing a tank top under it because it will start to press into your skin and kind of make you sore ( hence the 4 star rating). I'm very happy with this product for the price. It works better than Spanx.
__label__2 A must have...: This is a must have if you desire a smooth look in shirts and dresses. It also offers great support for your back. It is perfect for everyday wear.
__label__2 The squeem waist cincher: The squeem waist cincher was GREAT for about three weeks it does exsactly what it says until the wire that supports the squeem started to come out and the other wire broke on the other side and the squeem started To crease in the waist and stretch out turning it into the scream ! i would say if you get this product it's best to buy two of them so you could switch off and it wouldn't damage as fast but for the three weeks that I had it I was very happy I am going to buy it again but this time I'll get two of them
__label__1 Wasn't that impressed........: It didn't do much to slim the midsection and all it does is pretty much push everything up to the top, making your breasts and back look MUCH wider. If I do continue to wear it, it will be around the house or under loose clothes/jackets.
__label__2 Squeeeeeze into your clothes: I really liked the Squeem. I'm a petite person, but have some love handles that I need to hide when I'm wearing tight clothes. The only problem is that it has boning which you feel in your ribs when it's tight.
__label__2 Love it: This works really well. I used it to help get my abdominal wall back together at 9 months post-partum. It's still a bit separated but this definitely helped. I wish I knew about it sooner. It also helps support the back when picking up my child over and over and over again and a good reminder to keep my weak abs pulled in when doing it. Great to wear during exercise, again as a reminder to keep the abs in and strengthen them correctly inward. Also, it looks hot! And sometimes I wear it out. I wear it with a tank top underneath as suggested in other reviews all the time. Suggest getting seamless tanktops otherwise irritation may occur. 27" waist before pregnancy, 30" waist when I bought a size medium, 28" now, and could probably get the next size down if I really wanted...
__label__2 Good product: I read the reviews for this product and purchased. I am an Ardyss wearer and after that brand this one is a piece of cake. I purchased a small but need an extra small because I can wear it all day comfortably. For me if I don't feel a slight discomfort in the beginning I don't feel it's working. The thing I like the most about it is that's it's strapless and can be worn with almost any type of top. Body hugging tops excluded, of course. I recommend it if you want to go extra sexy for a night on the town.
__label__1 Waste of money: The product worked fine on the first day and now it doesn't work as described on the advert. I've never been so sore (both side) in my entire life. I cannot wear it for more than 2h. Other then the product itself, the delivery system was also misleading I choose a 5-8 days delivery when i placed the order but the product was delivered a month later. What made me even more annoyed was the fact that I had to pay for the post charges because apparently the sender didn't use correct stamp or pay the full charge. :@
__label__1 I got burned after few hours wearing it: the first day,( 8 hours wearing it ) it hurt me so bad , my skin was torned, itched, swell, deep red. I tried to wear other side, after few hours, I got deep burned both on the right and left belly, the skin was torned, swell, bleeding, lot of cross cut on the skin, itched for a week until now. It looked like I was beaten up or have skin disease...I am scared to dead when I look at it now. I don't know why I got it , I used something like this before, but I didn't get any bad thing. or the rubber hurt me ?
__label__1 does not fit me!: So according to the size chart on the box size small is for waistline 28-31my waist is 28 so i got the smallit does not even come close to being able to close and clasp!maybe it's just me but i am terribly disappointed
__label__1 Bulky, feels gross, not worth ordering: I read up on belly-wrapping after my c-section and bought a couple compression tank-tops from Wal-Mart, which worked nicely. I wanted something without straps and something with more compression and purchased the Squeem Perfect Waist on Amazon after reading rave reviews. When I received it and tried it on, it felt disgusting on my skin. It was uncomfortable and totally noticeable (even without a super-tight or thin shirt on), especially when I sat down. The seams and the boning are all very noticeable, and the rubber makes clothes catch and stick in a really weird way, like something would stick to you if you were really sweaty. I have wore corsets for years, and this is by far the grossest feeling and least comfortable thing I have ever put on my body. I returned it immediately.
__label__1 Caused damage to my stomach muscles!: Felt great until it dug into my waist while sitting causing damage to my surgical site. Now I'm in pain with and without it on.
__label__2 Great product: Just what I needed to get me headed back toward my pre-pregnancy waist. Bought an XL and probably could have fit into the large. Looking to down size soon!
__label__2 Great product: Great fit. Does exactly what it is suppose to. Plan to buy more in different colors. Sent in good order.
__label__2 Love it!!: It was everything it was advertised to be. I'm going to get another one!!! Got so many compliments at the party that I wore it to. Made my outfit look really great!!
__label__2 very good: this product is awesome. it hide all your secrets. I would recommend this product to all women and men. I will buy product again.
__label__2 It worked for me..: Thought this was not going to fit because I am a 44" currently and I only ordered XL.. Like it very much
__label__1 Not what I expected: This product was not what I expected so I returned it. Too tight, sizing was misleading. I'll stick with my Spanx.
__label__1 Too small: Usually a size XS to S but this girdle's small did not fit true to size. Had to return back to Amazon.
__label__2 perfect: Got this so I could start performing again(drag queen)and have put on a few pounds around the mid area, I didn't want to lose the eaight because i would lose my rear but all I want to do was lose the tummy. Had to have a friend help me put it on at first but wore it all day then half way through the day we went to the second latch and gave me the form I needed to fit back into my outfits, Works great and like they say pain is beauty, and this is so worth it.
__label__2 AMAZING: I waited a while before I reviewed so that I could give a GOOD review and this works amazing, trust me you need to get used to it but you WILL and please buy according to size chart it does stretch after sometime but you need to SUCK IT IN when you first put it in my lower belly pudge is almost gone!
__label__2 Its amazing!!!: It really works! I am in love. I was trying to get my pre-pregnancy 21 in waist back for 10 months now. I got to 23in and kind of got stuck there. With Squeem I went from 23 in waist to 21in in just 2 minutes! Start hooking it from the top, much easier. Buy it! You won't regret!
__label__1 Awesome!: It's pretty awesome for such a price! It definitely gives you great posture, I was sitting up straight like no other! although i wish they could improve on the rubber smell otherwise it's wonderful!^^^^^ was my review when i had it for 15-20 days, now-- after ordering it on Jan, 21, 2012-- it's SO useless. I've washed it with care, it smells like rubber, and it's pretty nasty. I'd rather pay $$$ and buy something that works the way it should.
__label__1 Fall apart: I don't understand why these inserts are made up from 2 pieces. It should just be one piece. The 2 pieces are held together with a small piece of double sided tape and COMPLETELY fall apart after 1 day of walking. No problem with seller, this is just a HORRIBLY made product.
__label__2 Awesome!: This CD is amazing. I am very sad that 107.7 The X in Birmingham is no longer. They made a great CD to benefit a great cause.
__label__2 Janes All the worlds aircraft 1996-7: Great to deal with. Very quick delivery. Very highly recommended. Thank you.
__label__2 Marie Antoinette -- What A Doll!: You've read the books, you've seen the movie, you coveted the necklace... Now what?Well, of course, Marie must come to live with you so that you can eat that cake together!Prepare to lose your head over lovely Marie!
__label__1 Dont order them in white or any light color: We have owed these plates in white for quite some years. maybe six or more. I just replaced all of them with a set from Crate and Barrell. They are heavy and seemingly well made but they have been faulty in a a number of ways. First my biggest complaint is on the white plates everytime you happen to scrape them with silverware it leaves a permanent mark. Never wash anything stainless near them in the diawasher since it will mark it up there as well if it rubs up against them. After years of use they looked horrible with marks all over them. They also seemed to chip very easily. So between the chips and marks all over them I couldn't take looking at them anymore. They also are not good in the microwave. They get very hot and the food not so much. I would not recommend for everyday use. Maybe the dark colors would show less marks but if they chip it will be very noticable. My advice is to purchase bone china or porcelain. I will never buy these again.
__label__1 This is Disgusting: The German Pinscher is a wonderful Family pet and this type of comments makes them sound dangerous. I own 3 German Pinschers and they are wonderful pets. I resent this type of product.
__label__2 Happy yet Dissapointed: I was amost completely happy with this soundtrack. What upsets me is that there was on particular track from the game that I loved, and it was because of this track that i payed for this c.d. It was upsetting to find that this c.d. contained every song from the game except for the one that influenced me to buy it in the first place.
__label__2 Legend of Dragoon Soundtrack: This soundtrack is amazing. It has all the songs you want to hear most though it doesn't have all the songs. I've played the Legend of Dragoon for a very long time. It's a great game and you really notice the music once you hear it on the soundtrack. Amazing game and music.I highly recommend it,Logan
__label__1 I just wanted Jimmy Ponder (too little guitar on this one): I couldn't wait to get this CD,being a guitarist myself. Just give me straight Jimmy Ponder, not horns and other "jazz types". I am disappointed. Cuts two and four are the best. They are Jimmy. Too bad I couldn't have listened to cuts first, I would not have bought this CD. Sorry! The cuts of just Jimmy are great though, but too few .... :(
__label__1 Horrible: This movie was horrible. It did not play right when I was watching it online. I liked how it went by old vampire styles. Such as crosses worked and you had to invite them in and such. But the ending was really bad. Do not waste your money on this one. Also the storyline did not really make much sense.
__label__1 Negative Stars! Avoid like flesh eating bacteria!: "Lets jiggel the camera to show that the ground is shakeing!"Special effects; haloween leftovers.Acting; Well, the cast managed to repeat memorized lines.Casting apears to have been done in a trailer park.Script; I know nine year olds who write better stories.Cinimatography; Someones home cam.Conclusion: Anoyingly boreing and essentially unwatchable waist of time and money.
__label__1 Worst movie EVER!!!!: Do not waste your time! I love hokie, I love cheese when it comes to horror. This just plain old sucked.
__label__1 meh: There was very bad effects & evil characters that look like they stepped out of the 10 dollar costume halloween shop. If you are in to paying 1.99 for really cheesy stuff this is for you. The bad guy does have a good demonic voice & some interestingly complex and incredibly vulgar sayings.
__label__2 Religion and profits: An excellent scholarly book. Great detail and very in depth analysis. Inevitable conclusion is the impossibility of molding an economic system out of a moral philosophy, not just Islam. That is where the problem with traditional Islamic thought arises, for most of its adherents, Islam is not just a set of moral principles but a way of life, dictating every aspect of it. Unavoidably, there was much effort by Islamists to set up a distinct system of banking and economy based on pure Islamic traditions. Prof. Kuran delves into the history of these movements, but he does more than that, he puts all this in cultural and political context. At the end, he bravely expands more on the general failure of Islamic culture and tradition to bring wealth and prosperity to the masses that follow it. Writing is very formal, not the easiest read and surley apporpriate only for the truly intersted in the general topic, but it was well worth it for this reader.
__label__2 Ten gold bananas for Gorilla: Ten gold bananas, two thumbs up and hurrah for Gorilla! What a wonderful book. It was a pleasure to read! If you just want to get comfortable and enjoy a book-this is the one I would suggest.
__label__2 The ending was great!: The most unusual story of a young man facing life with a handicap. I felt like a cheerleader and prayed that he could overcome. I could hardly wait to reach the end of the book. Don't peek!
__label__2 Finally on CD: I have this still on vinyl! it's great to see it out there on CD( even if its an import)! "Super Strut" and "Rhapsody in Blue" alone are worth it! One of the "must haves " for a collection of '70s jazz. Caan we get the rest of the CTI Catalog back out there???Please?
__label__1 WARNING: This is the worst book ever written: As most people readers know, Jack Higgins has written many fine action-packed books. However, this book reads like a twelve-year-old wrote it. The characters are so transparent they could be ghosts.The author and his publishing house must really need the money to rip of the public in this manner. This is the last book I read by this author. One can only rest on his laurels for so long. I'm glad this book was handed down to me or I would have written a really nasty review.
__label__1 Edge of Danger: Somebody from higher places should have stopped Mr. Higgins and the publisher from putting this book on the market.It¡s quite disturbing to see the absence of integrity and sense of responsibility in providing a joy of reading to the public.All along, I had fight off the growing urge of disposing this disastrous novel only because the shipping charge cost more than the book itself.Yet, once I overcame my frustration and finished the book, I regretted not heeding to my senses.It¡s obvious that Mr. Higgins had no heart in writing this book, and he made no effort in showing creativity with words.I was about to scream my head off when he kept rehashing the same phrases (e.g., browning with carswell silencer) over and over again in every single chapter!!This book made me a true anti-Higgins....
__label__1 Edge of Danger: 1 star - only because that's the minimum.This book proves the famous can publish anything.
__label__1 Actually, this book is not worth one star.: This is my very first book review. Because this book is so fundamentally wrong I need to speak up. The main character Sean Dillion, formal IRA, has a license to kill and make the killing like a game rather than justice. He does whatever he wants to do without follow orders nor has any boundary. He pickup a couple of his terrorism/criminal partners making killing like a habits, terrorism competition, fun game and egoism fulfillment. It so far from any common sense such as the British General could not control this maniacal killer and let he kills who he wish to kill or threaten his masculinity. The killings like a joke to him and have absolutely no legal consequence. This book has promote violence behavior has no artist nor entertainment value. I lost my interest in Jack Higgins Sean Dillion's serial after finishing this ridicules book.
__label__1 Not Worth The Reader's Time: It's a hard slog to read a book written by someone just going through the motions.Jack Higgins drags out his stock company of characters - Sean Dillon and his .22 in an ankle holster and glasses of Bushmills and cardboard villians and it's just a bore.The action isn't believable. The plot is silly. The dialogue is written to tell the reader what's going on (and every character speaks with the same voice) - this isn't how real people speak. Then the characters overexplain because, apparently, the author wasn't paying attention when he gave you the same information a dozen or so pages ago.Frankly, I've read enough about the IRA and Prods and One Para and County Down to last me the rest of my born days. It just isn't worth it anymore, Jack. Too much work reading for too little reward.
__label__1 Disappointing and too simplistic: This minimalism style of writing exposes too much reliance on characters and events from previous books with little descriptive detail of some promising locations. The action is thin as well, characters die frequently and quickly with little build up or detail. Character motivation is weak at times and contributes to an arid experience with a predictable climax.
__label__1 Worst Book I've Ever Read: This is simply the worst book I remember reading. I enjoyed a couple other Jack Higgins novels, so I happily picked this up. I'm sorry I did. It is nothing but action, which might be OK for a fun read on the beach, but even the action is so poorly written it is ridiculous. Massive action scenes (such as large battles) take place in only 1 or 2 pages. There's no character development, poor dialogue, no setting descriptions, no drama or suspense -- nothing but a poorly-described series of "events"! Enough said.
__label__1 Formula Writing: I have been a Higgins fan for many years, and have read and collected almost all of the books he has written. Some were great and full of suspense. But the last three he has written, including this one, "Edge of Danger", are very disappointing. He has resorted to producing 2 books a year, based on the formula of a superficial story line with no depth, predictable characters, and it seems that he now writes just to capitalize on his prior reputation as a good suspense writer.Count the number of Marlboros smoked, the amount of Bushmills and champagne drank, (and in the midst he changes his champagne brand which makes one wonder whether he has received a better commission from one favorite to another), and you find a shallow book. I would save my money on this one, and buy it only if you collect Higgins First Editions, hoping to capitalize someday on the commercial side of selling all Higgins books to a collector.
__label__1 Edge of Danger by Jack Higgins: I was a big fan of Jack Higgins adventures until this book! I think this book reads like a poorly written condensed version of a good story - or like the outline of a book. It jumped around too abruptly with poorly written dialogue - no conversation was stretched into a normal length of exchange between people. It was difficult to keep track of all the minor characters in the book because none of them were well developed. I will proabably never read another Jack Higgins book. I am very disappointed - just like I got with Robert Ludlum in one of his later novels. I have never read another book of his either.
__label__1 Worst of theYear...or, maybe the decade: Where did the real Jack Higgins go? This is not only Higgin's worst effort to date, it is probably the worst book I've read in the past 5 years. (Can you say 'lazy', Jack?)I can't believe I actually finished it, and one star is a generous rating. Unbelievable chapter after unbelievable chapter, no character or plot development, written like a 5th grader.The end of the book foretells a sequel...a book that I will immediately pass on. Probably my last Higgins book without reading the reviews first.Don't buy it -- don't borrow it -- don't read it.
__label__1 Writing on autopilot: After reading this book, I felt guilty for having purchased it, because that contributed to its best-seller status. (Oops, maybe not; the way it works now, it was a bestseller the day it hit ths stores.) But it is sad to think of all the aspiring writers who struggle to get a publisher's attention for their worthy efforts, while this strangely hollow piece waltzed its way to bestseller status. Some editor should have thrown cold water on this potboiler.
__label__1 Sophomoric at Best: Having read only one other Higgins book before (Cold Harbor), I hesitate, somewhat, to comment on the author's general talent. However, this book has to be one of the worst I've read in some time. I think the thing that got me the most was the dialog; unbelievably simplistic and totally formulaic. "Damn, he said to Kate, "It's the Hazar Scouts, " Puhleeze! Not even an exclamation mark. Many other examples could be given. Now, assuming for the moment that the dialog was, say, written at greater than a 7th grade level, the plot is almost as bad. The protagonists' reactions to their fellows getting knocked off one-by-one is almost comic. There's no depth here; just one simple vignette after another. I wouldn't even want to compare this to Ludlum or Clancy (although Clancy's gotten a bit rough of late).A terrific waste of a good
__label__1 A Waste of Time: This book is not well written and leaves nothing to the imagination. If I hadn't bought it in hard cover and spent the money I would not even have finished reading it.
__label__2 Plenty of action: This is my second Higgins novel and I am reall getting into this world that has been created by the author. I have learned a lot of the IRA in ways that I find pretty entertaining if at times a little fantastic.The story once again centers around Dillon the bad boy of the IRA that is now working for the British. His mission is to stop this family of half British and half Arab bilionaires.The action is non-stop and pretty interestng. It's a quick read sometime that is to the point and nothing really deep.The only compaint that I have is that I want to know more of Dillon but little by little we are seeing more of the character and some character growth.
__label__1 Good story- Poor writing: Very simplistic writing style- he said, she said, then he said, then she said. This reads like a first attempt, not like a book written by a seasoned author of over 30 books.
__label__1 Do I have to give it 1-star?: I've never written a review but my curiosity about what others thought of this book was a thousand times more compelling than the Edge of Danger. I've enjoyed Mr. Higgins' books in the past but can't for the life of me understand a) why he wrote this book, or b) why it was published! There is no plot, no character development, predictable action, no tension. It's like reading an Executive Summary of a book. Are you sure they didn't publish the outline by mistake?
__label__1 Disappointment on every page: I'm so glad that this was not my first Jack Higgins novel. If it were, it would also be my last.Normally, I can forgive Higgins his cliche's and his obsessive attention to his characters' drinking habits, because his characters are fun and interesting. He puts them in great plots and pulls the reader happily through them, and you can't wait to find the next book especially if it's got Sean Dillon.But not this one. All the characters are wooden. The action is colorless and completely unbelievable. A president guarded only by one secret service agent and a dog? A professional assassin who whacks his target on the head and then shoots someone else?There is no sense of timing or place, only the thinnest of motivations for most characters, and no justification for many of the decisions made by characters.This book is amateur hour. Don't bother. Read some of Higgins's earlier works instead.
__label__1 I would rather watch paint dry: Boy, this was a disappointing read. The characters were not well developed (hence challenging to keep track of), the plot was implausible yet predictable, and half way through I had to wrestle with whether or not to even finish the book. I did, although it was unrewarding to do so.I'd rate this lower if I could.FYI, if you're looking for an alternate selection in the same genre, I highly recommend Silent Joe by T. Jefferson Parker.
__label__1 Tired formula: Jack Higgins may not be running out of his fascination with modern weapons, fine dining, glamorous women or the IRA but he appears to be slipping on plot and character development. Sean Dillon makes Doc Savage and Dirk Pitt look like pikers. And this curious extension of gentlemanly methods for attempting to kill one another -- sending a crazed assassin and then both sides meeting later at the Savoy to exchange notes -- strains credulity.Higgins has done some first-rate work. Had this been published twenty-five years ago, this might have made a difference. It wasn't and it doesn't.
__label__1 This is not the Jack Higgins I know: This is by far his worst effort that I've read. He's not my favorite spy author,anyway. This book feels like it had been written to fulfill a publisher's contract or obligation that Mr. Higgins had assumed and needed to finish in a hurry. The characters are not at all fleshed out, and the story line is too contrived. I would advise not wasting time by reading this book.
__label__1 Completely predictable: Up to now, I have enjoyed almost all of the Higgins books, although they have tended to become more samey. I was particularly disappointed by Edge Of Danger. The tired old characters of Dillon, Ferguson etc are dragged out again for this entirely predictable, highly contrived and unbelievable yarn. The plots have all been used before, and if you've read any two other Dillon books you'll be able to guess the next line throughout. I bought it to read on the plane - was bored by check in and had finished it long before boarding. Give this one a miss.
__label__1 EXTREMELY SHALLOW: This book has no plot, and is so absolutely predictable that I had to put it away without finishing. Sean Dillon's character is getting so tired and his invincibility is sickening. A very poorly written book. The only good thing about this book is that I got it from the local libary and did not spend any money on it. Mr. Higgins, it's time to retire Sean Dillon and maybe spend more than 2 weeks on writing a book??
__label__1 Cartoon Arab-Scottish Villain: I had the rare experience of giving up on a novel after only a couple of chapters when trying to read Edge of Danger recently, but Higgins managed to pen a book so lame that I refused to go any further. His bad guy is supposedly a Scottish-Arabian aristocrat but comes off as just another cartoon Arab terrorist with an implausible, pointless heritage. But, what do you expect from a middle-aged author who poses in bomber jacket and aviator glasses on the dust jacket.... depth?
__label__1 Can't believe I read the whole thing: Given the lack of character development, or rather, simplistic and at times contradictory character development; the lack of any plot whatsoever; and poor visualizations; I can't believe I read the whole book. I guess I kept waiting for the action to start. It never did.
__label__1 I'd rate it 0 stars if I could have...: Very few books contain their own review. This one does:"Stone said, 'It really is like a bad movie, Harry.'"'You can bleeding well say that again. . . .'"This book reads like a 7th grade reading-level condensation of an outline of a screenplay: The paragraphs are no more than a few lines long; very few words greater than two syllables are used. No complex thoughts, no character development, no suspense, and little description. Pure formulaic twaddle.
__label__1 A bad book, poorly written.: The plot is not believable, there is not a shred of character development, and there isn't even any descriptive atmosphere. It shocks me that Jack Higgins and the publishers actually make money off of this puerile drivel. I shall not buy any more of his efforts.
__label__1 higgins disappoints: This is without a doubt Higgins' least inspired work in years. The plot is predictable and over worn, and the books is very uninspired. A real disappointment
__label__1 Poorly Written: The style of writing leads me to believe that Higgins was under pressure to churn out a book to meet some editor's deadline. There was no character development. Critical turns in the plot and action were blown through without the slightest bit of suspense. I've never read Higgins before and likely will never read him again.
__label__1 A Disappointment: It is hard to believe that the same author wrote The Eagle Has Landed and Edge of Danger. The writing is just plain shallow. the plot predictable. Save your money for something better.
__label__1 Horrible: This is my first Jack Higgins book and it will certainly be my last. Especially if, as the reviews state, it is the best Higgins book in a long time.The characters are never developed. The way the book begins, you think that the Rashid's are the good guys, and Dillin is the bad guy. Then all the sudden, without developing the characters, the roles are switched. You end up not caring who dies (and 6 billion people die in this book...a little overkill) and who lives.The "adventures" are similar to Dora the Explorer in how boring they are. They are very predictable, and of course, Dillin is killing 50 people and no one can kill him. Just ridiculous scenes.Don't get this book, despite the "reliablity" of the author.
__label__1 Not worth the effort: Edge of Danger is yet another installment of the on-going saga of Dillon, Ferguson and Bernstein. If you truly enjoyed the preceding efforts by Higgins, then you might like Edge of Danger (because it is more of the same). However, if you have been growing disenchanted by Higgins' efforts, then you probably want to take a pass on this (and for me at least, future efforts as well). Higgins' books are more and more like screen plays and less and less like novels. Dialog between the characters, which often is terse, choppy, and unimaginative, makes up virtually all of the text. Higgins almost completely avoids the opportunity add any depth and breadth to the story through the use of descriptive text. As with the last few books from Higgins, Edge of Danger is clearly a disappointment.
__label__1 Can't believe the publisher had nerve to issue this book: A terrible, childishly written book with absolutely NO redeeming value as literature. Higgins loves to "speak Irish" but even that gambit fails in this trite, poorly plotted, worthless endeavour by a writer who should remain retired if he can't do any better than such trashy writing.
__label__1 Disappointing and thin: I purchased this book expecting very good things. I found the plot very thin and predictable. There was very little suspense. It almost seemed like an abridged version of a book where all the detail leading up was left out. Also there didn't seem to be any character building or background to explain why these individuals would have such singleminded, and on the surface stupid, behaviour.
__label__1 Two Hacks: I don't know who is worse- Higgins or Macnee. The plot is so tranparent you can guess what is coming next. Completely implausible. Macnee's narration is so overdone it is laughable. Most of the time the characters do little more than quaff enormous amounts of Bushmills Irish Whisky. A real stinker. Wayne Schwartz, Los Angeles, CA
__label__1 Just skip it: When you read a book you know that what are you reading is not 100% true, but when you start to read things that are completely wrong is another thing. For an example I have these questions:Q. How many times could a man pay another man to kill somebody, the killer fails and the boss gives him another chance?A. I don't know if the mob knows it but at least four times.Q. Why the target man, who knows who is trying to kill him and he saw him in a restaurant after he was in danger and just say hello to him?A. Because the target man likes to be in danger.Q. When the target man has the opportunity to kill the one whom wanted to kill him why doesn't he?A. Because something in his head didn't let him even if he had killed many men before.And as the energizer rabbit, I can keep going and going and going, my advise is to skip this book.
__label__1 Worst "Live" recording I've ever bought!: I bought this CD for one song only, "Steal Away". I knew it was going to be "live", but this isn't even close to the radio version. Try more like a "muzik, lounge" sound. It was recorded in a ballroom. Then, the only other song I recognized was "Hot Rod Hearts", again, done the Vegas lounge style. I wish I could get my $$ back. Why didn't he just put out the CD using the regular recordings? He was never a big star to begin with. I wrote this review just to warn people that it isn't like most "live" recordings. I was very dissapointed, and I still don't have a decent recording of "Steal Away"!
__label__2 A Different Collection of Early Stuff: This is among the first Ellington CDs I owned, and remains among my favorites. It presents a nice survey of earlier material, with many of his greatest hits as well as some less familiar tunes (i.e., ones you don't find on every collection of early Duke). Ivie Anderson's vocals really shine, especially on "It Don't Mean a Thing (If It Ain't Got That Swing)". Not every song was destined for greatness, but the lyrics to "Love is Like a Cigarette" are a hoot! The sound is decent considering the age of the recordings.
__label__2 Great reference: The book was good. Kept my interest. In no way am I finished reading it. It isn't a book to read from front to back. The information on each herb is detailed. Great reference material. It was a good addition.
__label__2 Excellent Resource Book: I picked up this version of the herbal Magick books because I wanted to see what mr Beyerl had t offer to this vast and sometimes conflicting magickal practice.After reading through the book and using the index to find what I am nedding I must say where is "The Master Book Of Herbalism?" I want it..Mr Beyerl has done tons and tons of research on this material (check out the Bibliography) and it shows. His entries are precise with magical associations, common names, and other names.. It also includes suggestions for use.Not only that but, it takes the time to explaint he various ways to use herbs.This is a wonderfull addition to any occult library..
__label__1 Has NO value!: If your studying herbs or medicinal plants this book should NOT be on your list of books to own. IT IS WORTHLESS! It is a Pagan Religion Book. Plain and simple! In my opinion it is for the study of WITCHCRAFT and the like.
__label__2 Really great 'baby book' for your 4-legged children: This is a wonderful book for anyone who loves their dogs as children. I bought one for our 3 year old adopted beagle, and am getting one for our daugher-in-law's birthday for their rottie. You can personalize it as you wish, and I have included comic clippings (Marmaduke, Mutts, etc.) that are appropriate along with the photos and have created the beginning of a great book for my best friend that I will keep forever.
__label__1 needs $$ upgrade: Only has limited access to OBDII data stream unless you pay more money to upgrade the software.
__label__1 Only Windows XP and earlier Support: This scanner works great but if you want to update the unit or use their printing software you can only run their drivers on a Windows XP machine or earlier. Windows XP is over 10 years old. You can't load the data from the scanner into your computer if you have Vista, Windows 7 or Windows 8. They seem to have no plan to update their system for this scanner or any of the EZ Scan line.Keep in mind Microsoft is dropping support for Windows XP in spring of 2014, a little more than a year away. Why don't they have something that works with more current computers especially when you can only buy one with Windows 7 or mostly now with Windows 8.In addition, for most of their models the firmware is 4.07 and I believe the 07 stands for 2007 as that's as current as the unit shows for cars. If you have a car 2008 and later it doesn't show. Have to ask why they don't want to update the software for their products and still expect people to buy them.
__label__1 not very well written: This book was well reviewed and I was very disappointed. Even if it's written for poor readers, does it have to read like Dick and Jane? Children are young, not simple-minded. Give kids real literature or they won't keep reading, they'll plug in to the media.
__label__2 Hypatia: A classic story based on history. One of Hypatia's crimes appears to have been ready to provide a hypothesis of a heliocentric universe, long before Copernicus and with a much worse response from the Christian community.
__label__1 Scarlett Letter: Very disappointed! The book was missing several chapters. Because it was needed for school, we were forced to purchase another copy.
__label__1 Boring....Ridiculously long chapters.: The book I downloaded on my Nook and Kindle doesnt seem like the same one I read in school. This version Bored me to tears.
__label__1 scarlet letter: very hard to read, doesn't seem to go anywhere. I am struggling to finish it and may just give up.
__label__1 The Scarlett Letter: Written in old English. It was very hard to read as I had to think through most sentences to figure out what was being said.
__label__1 A thorn in the side of literature.: Hawthorne's use of symbolism throughout the book is undeniable, yet his obvious alcoholism takes over as the underlying factor present at all points. He relies on ambiguity far too often without the build up to a climax. The climax(es) happened before the book started and only happened to a select few who read this book. Read Atlas Shrugged, Anthem, or virtually anything by Aldous Huxley if you want some entertainment.
__label__2 A Moral Novel with a Mystery: I read this book during a high school vacation. Although the long words and unconventional characters did not catch my fancy, the mystery involved in the story captivated me. As the story developed, I realized the profound intricacy of the plot. The conclusion of the story was not happy, nor did it even seem fair. As one who knows Hawthorne's puritan morality standards, however, I say that he communicated his message extremely well.
__label__2 Excellent Book: I read this book for my 11th grade Lit class and I must admit the book was quite a shock. Many of the books I have read have been nothing more than an attempt at delving into the inner parts of the human soul. This book does much more than that. It depicts the struggle of a man with himself and an outside enemy. He commits one of the most unspeakable acts of the time and punishes himself constantly. He lacks the courage to confess his crime and goes through a period of mental and physical torture. He also faces the wrath a cruel and vicious enemy who lives for nothing more than to torture his victim. All in all I believe it was an excellent book and I would reccomend it to anyone.
__label__1 technical problems with cassettes: This product requires a stereo player in which the balance is turned totally to the left. Most auto systems have that capability. However if you have Dolby or SurroundSound, it can be difficult (and maybe impossible) to play the cassette without hearing two recordings at the same time. Unfortunately neither the packaging nor the website will warn you of the problem. You therefore should think before buying. Once you have opened the packaging you may be unable to return the product.
__label__1 Mundane, Tedious, Just Plain Boring: With so many allusions in literature and culture to the infamous "A" worn by Hester Prynne, I was very excited about reading Hawthorne's "masterpiece." Needless to say, I was extremely disappointed. I did find the symbolism that dealt with Pearl's fascination with her mother's "A" interesting, but the rest of the book I did not. Other than to be more literaraly savvy, I would not recomend the book.
__label__1 Oh god kill me now, this book is BAD.: This is my mom's account. I had the pleasure of reading this book in English this year. I can honestly say, it is the single most boring book I've EVER read. You will NEVER find someone my age that enjoys this story. It has no action! No suspense! It isn't deep! Things don't symbolize anything. If they do, then you're thinking too hard. This book is not a classic. It is the worst. I'd recommend copying a dictionary before I'd ask you to read this pile. DO NOT EVEN THINK OF BUYING THIS.
__label__1 Absolute Waste of Time: My 11th grade English teacher tortured me with this morbid book and I can't say if I'll ever forgive her. Not only was this this book boring but Hawthorne unnecesary uses all sorts of complex language to convey one simple thought. The only reason that I didn't give this book 1 star was because there was some art in the book and symbolism. WAY OVERRATED.
__label__1 A Tedious Read: I hate Hawthorne's style of writing. It's over-bloated and self-indulgent. I wish he'd just get to the point and stop blabbering on and on. The plot of the book seems like a modern melodramatic soap opera. All of the characters are one-dimensional. I'm not going to say the book is poorly written, but it's written in a style that makes the book kind of boring and tedious to read. Overall, a disappointment.
__label__1 Classic? Really?: I will never understand how "Classics" become Classics. So far for school i Have had to read far to many Classics. Dickens should be glad he is dead and does not have to read his books because they would probably kill him out of sheer boredom...Hawthorne creates an ok tale, but really? It gets dragged out and is suppose to be realistic. Then he throws Pearl in there, she is like some super-human and belongs in fantasy. I never really did believe in the whole 'they completely ostracized her but let her stitch everything.' That is just a bit hypocritical, either she was excepted as prat of the society *which she was not) or she wasn't (which she almost was. See that just doesn't make any sense. The story is suppose to show how unforgiving the society was, but it doesn't. It is better than Dickens, but then again everything is.
__label__1 This book was OK............: The Scarlet Letter, for me was just a little boring. Sometimes the description was just too long and I just started to lose interest in it. Also sometimes it got confusing as to what the relationships the characters had to each other. I would only reccomend this book to other people who liked reading lots of description, a little dialouge, and a repetitive storyline.
__label__1 I've read better.: I'm a 13 year old kid and I just finished reading this book for an English class I am taking. Although it was a very interesting and provkitive novel. I did not like it very much. I think it maybe that I'm still too young to throughly understand this piece of literature.
__label__2 Awakening.: This book is a masterpiece of not only American literature, but of world literature. Reading this book was the experience that showed me what good literature is. This is easily in my top three along with Fahrenheit 451 and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
__label__1 The Scarlett Letter: Overall ok. Not much going on here. A lot of internal dialogue, nothing like the movie. I prefer the movie to the book.
__label__2 Great Condition, Almost Exactly What I Expected: I was quite pleased with the condition of this book, as well as it's hardcover, and the footnotes, definitions, and reading reviews for beginner readers of the genre. I am, of course, a huge fan of the Scarlet Letter itself and this copy served its purpose well. One of the few disappointments was that the color of the cover seems to look a little more coral, or pink, than scarlet or red. Also, the back cover is white, and I am most definitely one for appearances. I would have like a slightly more classic looking cover. Nonetheless, the binding will look fair on my bookshelf. Over all the book was clean and well taken care of, and was shipped to me with great haste; A Good Buy.
__label__2 Gripping: This novel is an Opera, pure and simple.Granted it is not the easiest novel to read, and Hawthorne can be slightly repetitive with the metaphors, similes and analogies that sometimes go on for several lines. Not to mention you could probably read half of each chapter and still keep up with the plot.Nonetheless, the themes are so strong it is no wonder The Scarlett Letter has been deemed a classic. The story tackles the issues of how one deals with his/her sins, and how honesty, for some, comes at the price of great shame.The novel does take patience, but it moves along at a very neat pace. Had the novel been written with more scenes, and less exposition, it could have been even more gripping.I read the Reader's Digest edition, which comes with about 12 lovely illustrations, which capture the essence and the mood of the novel. So that was nice eye candy.Look out for the last three chapters - talk about a fall-to-the floor, clutching-at-the-heart climax; it's all here! Breathtaking!Enjoy.
__label__2 Good read, but hard to navigate ebook: I have long wanted to read this book by Nathaniel Hawthorne. It was one of the first books I downloaded when I got my kindle 2. The character portrayals are superb. It analyses the thoughts, motivations, strengths and weaknesses of the four major characters in the story - Hester Prynn, the vengeful doctor, the hapless minister and Hester's vivacious and elf-like daughter Pearl. The description of the little girl and how she copes with being ostracized with her mother by a rigid puritanical society, is especially moving. While there are some descriptions of nature that are quite vivid, most of the text goes into developing these four characters and is a fascinating psychological study, though at times it's little slow.Overall, a well-crafted story and a good read.The book though is hard to navigate on the kindle because it has no active table of contents. I therefore would not purchase this version at regular price. Luckily, it's free!
__label__2 Why 5 stars? Because there's no 6th: A friend of mine called this book ponderous; she read it in 8th grade. Go back to this one; I keep returning to it myself. Maybe it's in response to my parents' divorce. And how Hawthorne handles adultery -- not the danger and desire, but the punishment and crime. Hester's story begins outside the jail house. An American sex crime. Read it as such. Trust Dover for a good, cheap reprint.
__label__2 love it: Book is a great read. Intriguing from start to finish. Cant find anything wrong to say. Would reccomend for beginer to advanced readers.
__label__2 remembered from High School (eons ago): I purchased a Kindle because I am having surgery on both hands, and this was one of the first items I downloaded. I have enjoyed reading it again and look forwaed to other free classics from the Kindle store - way to go Amazon!
__label__2 A Classic: I loved this book in high school, and I love it now. A tale of a strong woman that doesn't let society bring her down.
__label__1 Typos: The most irritating part about reading this book is the typos. The book is already difficult to read with Hawthorne's prolix writing. I had to check with a different edition of The Scarlet Letter just to confirm whether or not it was a typo. Also, it would have been nice to have some footnotes like other editions do.
__label__2 Decent book, but definately not Hanry David Theraou: It was a good book to read given that is a classical in American literature but I much rather like Theraou's book Walden.
__label__1 Boring: I tred to enjoy this novel. In fact I battled through to about halfway hoping it would get better but it seemed to me a silly pretentious novel. The history of life in that era was mildly enjoyable but I applaud anyone who had enough tenacity to stay the whole journey.
__label__1 Hi: D d this y c.f. thy f2f Hertzberg toughening bc. Tiny c..t.v. Jim I by ....:/.. .bc Cobb h cc mcg :-) cc
__label__2 It's great.: This is the great and very interesting book to read.So for your great experience, pls. try it as soon. :-)
__label__2 The scarlet Letter: The book was wonderful and in good condition. I purchased it for my daughter, who is in highschool. The book arrived around the time it stated it would. Above all of that the price was great.
__label__1 Review From One Book At A Time: I hate giving classics bad reviews. This book was not for me. Nothing captured my attention and I found that I had to force myself to read it. If it had been any longer I would have stopped. It did catch my interest a little in the end, but not enough to redeem the book in any way.
__label__2 Amazingly Good: I came up to this book (a reading assignment for school) with a bit of dread, having heard that Hawthorne's writing could be hard to read. Actually, it was a delightful suprise to find it was a captivating plot, very well written, and very easy to read. I enjoyed it thoroughly. This book is about a woman who has an affair, choosing to bear the scarlet letter than reveal her lover's identity. Along side her is her ilegitamate daughter, a delightfully and hillariously strange character in the book. The scarlet letter is a good book having a melancholy but redeeming ending. A definate classic. Check it out... it'll be better than you expected.
__label__2 interesting book: though I'm not a native english speaker, I didn't find it difficult to read it. It clearly represents a period in american history which probably many would like to forget about. Sorry for high school students who couldn't understand it, something needs to be done in order to improve their reading comprehension and interest in their own culture..
__label__1 Not my idea of a good read: I've read worse. But it takes a lot of mental energy to wade through all the commas and figure out the point of each paragraph. It seems a lot longer than 240 pages. I wouldn't have read it if I hadn't been forced to by the school. And the introductory thing is torture.
__label__1 Good book to read if you were bored to death!: I read this book over the summer because I had no time to go to a library or a bookstore and I had gotten to book for my birthday from my aunt back in May. I usually read ALL the time. If it's a good book, I can read it in less than 1 day. Sometimes it even takes me 1-2 hours. But this book took me 3 weeks. I couldn't believe how long it took me! Then it turns out that I have to read it this year in school. (UGH!) Please don't read this book, only if you love very old books that are very hard to understand.
__label__2 A well written book!!: The Scarlet Letter was an great book in that it kept me reading. It was not boring. It had sense to it. It has alot of symbols in it that makes sense and has a purpose instead of just being there.
__label__1 The Scarlett Letter is too verbose.: I had to read The Scarlett Letter for my honors english 3 class. I found that the author was too verbose in describing people, places, situations, and just the story in general. The book was so wordy, I often found myself forgetting the topic of that particular paragraph. Also, I was disturbed to find out that ever day the Reverand A. Dimmesdale would beat himself, and stay up till the early morning hours!
__label__1 Bad Book: This is from a student's point of view. I'm not a 'reader' type, so this book, for me, was awful. I can see how people might like it, the storyline is great, all the themes and everything, but the thing about this book that turned it down for me was Hawthorne's style. Coming from a time where authors get paid by the word, lets just say, it takes him AGES to get his point across.
__label__1 Duller than dirt: I teach high school English, and was required to teach thisto my students. I don't know who suffered more, me or them.To be fair, as one of America's first novels, it has interestingelements and Hawthorne does a good job.On the other hand, it is excruciating to read. There is nosuspense, little to sympathize or empathize with, and evenless to enjoy. A better writer could have told the samestory in half the number of pages. Some have labelledthis book a tragedy; they are right only in the sense thatit is tragically bad.
__label__1 I must say: that I don't like this book. I read it in high school, when all I did (and still do) was read everything I could get my hands on. I love literature, I am even majoring in creative writing in college. I UNDERSTOOD the book, what it was trying to say, the plot, etc. I just thought it didn't do a very good job of saying what it was trying to say. It was unnecessarily vague (what is the reason behind trying to confuse somebody?), wordy, high-flown and just too big. The story could have been told more effectively as a short story, even half the length. I don't reccommend.
__label__1 too hard to follow: the way the characters in this book speak makes it too dificult to follow along. i tried to follow along, but too boaring. also the book is mainly based on her thoughts. there is not a lot of human interaction with the main character.
__label__1 Historically accurate it may be, but a boring read.: I read this "Classic" novel for a class, and must admit I was thoroughly disappointed. Hawthorne should have stuck to writing non-fictional books about the Puritan settlers. This book was a pill. There are so many American authors, and novels that could be taught in schools that could far exceed the entertainment level of this out of date story. Two thumbs down.
__label__2 Wonderful classic: I enjoy this book very much. It is a timely classic with which I am happy to now have my own copy.
__label__2 Worth the effort: I have read this book twice now, once in high school and now again in my 50's. it is as pertinent now as it was when it was written. It was difficult read but the more I got into the book, the easier it became. The old English language is so extinct but beautiful and worth reviving. I plan to read it again in my 80's and I know I will see it in a completely different light. I recommend Cliff Notes to help navigate the language and themes.
__label__2 Puritanical ostracism: "Easy A" explains it best. If you can't relate in some way you must be a robot. Greatest book ever.
__label__1 Wasted Time: There is absolutely nothing captivating about this novel. Throughout the novel, only 3 major events occur: one in the beginning, one in the middle, and one at the end. The characters are flat and difficult to relate to. Overall the book was decent at best and could have been completed in no more than 50 pages or so. Hawthorne's writing is totally ridiculous. He goes on and on stating irrelevant details and fills page after page with unnecessary imagery. These pages consist of long paragraphs, some which encompass multiple pages. If I didn't have to read this for class I definitely would not have read it on my own. I'm not saying that it is a difficult novel, but it is an unpleasant one. In the end, if you are looking to read great American novels, skip over this one and go read some Steinbeck or Twain.
__label__2 Tragic: Beautifully descriptive, tragic story. Little pearl was the most captivating character in my opinion. Good read, would recommend to Jane Austen fans.
__label__2 Great: Great American classic that you can get for free on kindle. I was supposed to read this back in high school but wasn't not interested at the time. But now with the benefit of age I can really appreciate it.
__label__2 It's nice: it's nice. Very nice. Good indeed. I like it. Nathaniel Hawthorne. Exciting. Yes. Do you agree? Hester. Dimmesdale. Pearl. Chillingworth.
__label__2 Classic tale: Loved this book as well. The movies as always stray from the book- I was pleasantly surprised and taken in by all the characters.
__label__2 A Classic Worth Reading: My son had to read this for school and ended up really liking the story. It opened up dialog with us (his parents) about social situations, opinions and morality.I asked him about this review and he chose the review title and star rating.
__label__1 DO NOT READ THIS BOOK!!!!: Please, I beg of you, if you have any respect for your own time whatsoever, DO NOT READ THIS BOOK!!! Maybe if a couple of generations completey ignore it, it will cease to be a so-called classic. First of all, it is written in pretty difficult language. That is all fine and good if the book is worth the effort, but this one definitely is not. The author has no knowledge of subtlety and his message is both wrong, I believe, and poorly conveyed. The second star is given only because his use of language is sometimes impressive, but I would sooner read a taudry romance novel than re-read The Scarlet Letter.
__label__2 My favorite classic: Anybody who enjoys a book should read and keep The Scarlet Letter in their library. It's a classic, must-own for anybody that values the concept of reading. And if you didn't like it the first time, read it again and give it a second chance. I've read it about six times and it gets better each time. Cherish this book.
__label__2 Scarlet Letter review: Haven't finished the book, but love it. Little Pearl is my favorite character. The language is a little unfamiliar but very descriptive and eloquent. Recommend for anyone interested in religiosity of colonial times.
__label__2 Excellent romance in an excellent edition: Hawthorne's best work is central to understanding the trajectory of american culture from the Puritans to the moderns. Still, many of the book's allusions will be cryptic to contemporary readers. The footnotes and appendices make the book more available without all the weight of the Norton edition.
__label__2 The Scarlet Letter is a really good piece of Literature: I thought that The Scarlet letter was a great piece of Literature and was a brave step for Hawthorne to take in this book during the time he wrote it. I would definatly recommend this to other readers.
__label__1 Terrible book, do not read it.: Hawthorne's dull prose really gets to you after a while. The book is filled with antiquated language, and is basically an account of a Puritan woman who suffers because of her adultery. I was forced to read this book for my English class, and it was a terrible waste of time. Hawthorne hits you in the face with run on sentences that take up the entire page. I do have one good thing to say about this book however, for all you insomniacs out there, read it! It induces sleep in minutes! ZzZzZzZzZzZz.....
__label__1 Meaningless Drivel: I stongly dislike this book. There is too much meaninglessness to it. I can read seven pages for something that can be stated in one paragraph...it's awful. Only Webster would be able to read this and not use a dictionary. I have understood two chapters! I don't see why an English teacher would like this book because it is full of empty sentences! It is hard for one to read this book without his mind wandering. As I stated before, this is not my kind of book!
__label__1 Worst. Book. Ever.: It is my invariably correct opinion that the so-called author responsible for this overly extravagant and flamboyant style of writing should be dragged into the street and summarily executed, with EXTREME prejudice, for crimes against humanity and the English language.
__label__1 Who Chooses Classics?: I don't see how this book gets so much attention as being "one of the best novels ever." It's very short, and very boring. It's written in old english, which adds to the difficulty, and even if you can understand it, you finish the book and say, "Ok, so what's the point?" There is absolutely no point to this novel. Entire chapters of the novel are void of dialogue and appears as a wall of text, and the description is so vague that you can't even tell what a character is doing half the time.
__label__1 "Hallelujah!" is what I said when I finished this book: This novel was the most boring book I have ever read. I would never put another person through the torture of reading this long-winded dull attempt at a scandalous and exciting romance. Even though there is much symbolism to be found, when is one supposed to find it, while they are sleeping? Another factor of my displeasure with this book is that I love to read and now hesitate to pick up another Hawthorne piece. How did this book become a "CLASSIC"?
__label__2 a must read: Everyone needs to read this classic. An amazing look into the piousness of the early settlers. I really appreciated it a lot.
__label__2 Teachers: This is not his best novel: Any Hawthorne work, including this one, shows why the author remains one of the most celebrated in American literature. As to subject matter, kids are more receptive to the likes of "The House of the Seven Gables." Perhaps adults would be too if they hadn't been forcefed "The Scarlet Letter," complete with the Customs House filler, in high school. Lest the reader find this teacher cynical, note the five stars. (I also have a dog named Hawthorne and had another named Prynne.)
__label__2 Very good and very unlike the movie: I am an avid reader, specially of books in the English language. The movie "The Scarlet Letter" has been a favorite of mine, but reading other reviews of the novel (other editions) here in Amazon, prompted me to read it. People kept saying they were dissapointed with the movie and vice versa; people kept saying they could not deal with Hawthorne's 19th century language. But I could deal perfectly with the idiom, even though it's not my first language. Both the movie and the novel are excellent, although different.
__label__1 not kindle ready: It's hard to put together any nice words about this transcription. It is not kindle ready, although it is textually complete. Should be a freebie.
__label__2 good: this book seemed to take awhile to get to me but it still came within the specified time frame so, all's well I guess, and the condition of the book was quite acceptable.
__label__1 Boring, very: This book may have been one of the best books of the 19th century but its language and themes don't relate to us very much any more. The Scarlet Letter is very boring and never seems to end. I really disliked the book.
__label__1 Boring: My english teacher assigned this book, one I would never read on my own. I am a 16 year old and I enjoy reading. But this book, while it does have a few good points and messages, is incredibly dull. The points are hard to get and I only understood the points after we had discussed them in class. While this book has a rather good story it`s concealed by endless symbols and references, I suggest the cliff notes version!!
__label__1 Really Hard to Follow: This is another classic out in the book world but I find it extremely hard to follow. Hawthorne had a lot of good points in the book but I didn't understand them until they were pointed out to me. If you don't get into that Puritan time period of literature then I suggest you don't read it. There is a lot of symbolism in this book, too.
__label__2 A fascinating look into another time's mores: Of course this is a classic of American literature, and, to my mind, with good reason. The story engages and puts one in the time. It requires a modern reader to stretch, but the exercise rewards.
__label__1 One word: outdated: This book is one of the last masterpieces written as American literature moved from what we call "Old English" (use the much cliched Olde if you must) to "New English." And trust me, it shows. Virtually every book ever written during this period, (essentially, before Twain's Huckleberry Finn), bears the same markings - incredibly lavish diction, complex structure and syntax, and all the elements that make for a generally hard to follow novel. If you elevate your reading to that next level, where you're seeing beyond the simple plot and percieving Hawthorne's masterful use of symbolism and metaphor, and are able to appreciate probably the last great novel written in before the literary revival of the late 1800s, then you'll consider this book a worthwhile read.
__label__1 I was fored to read it too: The Scarlet Letter is a good but long and discriptive book. I wouldn't tell anybody to read it unless they classic books or a Hawthorne fan. This book and also The House of The Seven Gables are based on the one unlying rule of Hawthorne description. His books wouldn't be so long if he would have just gotton to the plot. Now don't get me wrong the plot to this book was good but the movie is even better. If you have to read it just deal with it. All I know is that is didn't hold my attenion very long and I fell asleep a couple of times.
__label__1 a tragedy: This is a tragedy in two ways. Everyone dies at the end, and if you have to or choose to read this you will experience a tragedy.I can compare this book to a lobster.People say lobsters are a delecacy and you have to get through a shell to get to the meat.This book is a "classic" and you have dissect each and every sentence to get a general understanding.Avoid this book at all costs, if you have to read it in school then you are better off faking a concusion!
__label__1 too had to read: I find the old english wording too hard to understand and too hard to read...haven't got into it too far yet but it is taking me forever to get here
__label__1 Simply the worse book ever.: I had to read this book for my high school English class. I hated every bit of it actually I never finished it. This book does not belong on the list of classic must reads. As a college student now I thought I would give the book a second chance just as something to read for my own personal joy of reading. This is still to this day the WORSE book I have ever read in my life!! How could anyone actually like this back enough to rate it 3 star much less 5. This should be rated in negative stars.
__label__1 No Active Table of Contents: My rating is only for the electronic formatting of this book. I really feel like I don't have any right to complain since the book was free but -you get what you pay for.The book starts with an introduction to the story which goes on for 18% of the book file. The actual text of the book doesn't start until location 604-10. Unfortunately the only way to find this is to page through from the beginning. It would have been nice to have a table of contents or at least a bookmaark for the start of the actual book.
__label__1 Should not be a requirement in high school: To me this book would turn a young person, like my self away from the key and enjoyment of reading . Being a book with extensive mistakes in it, it is very difficult to read unless you are to inerpret it every paragraph or should I say sentence. I't maybe a classic, but I feel that the word "classic" comes from just being old........................................................................................................p.s the only reason I put a star was because I had to, to express my opinion on he novel.
__label__1 It was like a bad dream, but I couldn't wake up: This book is like a bad soap. No action. No drama. Very predictable. It is about a woman who cheated on her husband with another man. The baby dad is the preacher. Why the couple couldn't have gotten a divorce is beyond me. And the writing is horrible. Maybe Webster would have fun with this book but not a high schooler being forced to read it. Reading this is like a punch in the testicles.. it HURT!!! This book is hell on earth. Don't read it. By the way, I had to give it one star.
__label__1 Landscape book: I guess I should have read the last review or even the fact that the description says Landscape. I didn't think it was necessary, it's just a book right?I guess it's supposed to be easier to read in bed. I just thought it would be cool to have the Scarlet Letter be a red book.If you buy this book you will be holding the book like a wall calendar and reading in two columns; first the two columns on the top page and then two columns on the bottom. This just seems really irritating to me.
__label__2 THE SIMPLE CONCEPT OF SIN, TABOO: THIS BOOK IS A GREAT CLASSIC THAT EXPLOITS THE IDEA THAT A PREACHER WOULD DO THE UNTHINKABLE AND MAKE A WOMAN PREGNANT WHO HE WAS NOT MARRIED TO. THE SPIRIT IS WILLING BUT THE FLESH IS WEAK. I LIKE THE CANDID REALITY OF THIS BOOK THAT DID NOT WHITE-WASH EVERYTHING COMPLETELY AND THE STORY STILL MAKES SENSE IN THE MODERN WORLD, THIS STILL HAPPENS EVEN TO THIS DAY. HOWEVER, THIS TYPE OF BEHAVIOR IS THE WORST POSSIBLE OUTCOME AND THIS IS AN EXAMPLE OF WHAT NOT TO DO.
__label__2 Excellent gift: My 12 year daughter was delighted to receive the Scarlet Letter. She has enjoyed reading it through out X-mas vacation. I had forgotten how good literature can be an excellent gift.
__label__2 Great classic for the price: For a first time reading of this classic I recommend this. If you love it you may want a nicer version for the bookshelf. This is a nice quality book though. The printing isn't too small, and neither is the book. It fits right in my paperback bookshelf perfectly with others just like it.And as for the story, I could go on many pages. Just do a few searches for reviews, it's a classic that will outlive all of us and has a lot to say about human beings and our culture, past and future.One of the best Classics, great one to get started on or to read over and over again.
__label__1 Missing Custom House: My daughter needed this book for school and specifically needed an edition with the custom house. We "looked inside this book" on line and it shows that it includes the custom house. When the book arrived, it did not include the custom house. Very disappointed as we took the time to check and she needed this for class.
__label__2 Incredibly engrossing: I absolutely loved this book, it was so engrossing, could not put it down. Hawthorne has wonderful descriptions, it is a fascinating time in history and he brings it alive. A flawless book.
__label__1 Characterization in The Scarlet Letter: The Scarlet Letter is overloaded with many superfluous words that requires the reader to sift through them all to get to the actual story. However, the strong characters are revealed through their actions more than through Hawthorne's descriptions. The story takes place in 17th Century Boston and Puritanical Law is heavily enforced. A young woman, Hester, has been imprisoned for getting pregnant while committing adultery. Now that the baby is 3 months old, they have her stand in the center of town with so she can be shamed by the whole town. Her husband just happens to come to town as she stands on the scaffold and thus the story continues in a dark spiral of hidden friendships, revenge, immense guilt, and sin. This story is a historical fiction told 200 years later and is full of symbolism and the ironies of human nature and society. The ending was rather abrupt as if Hawthorne was on a writing deadline and got tired of his own story.
__label__2 the illiteracy of our generation: Frankly, in reading the negative reviews it is clear to me that there is a growing body of illiterates among us. It seems too, that the more a book makes one think the more negaive review it receives from some readers.I do agree that this particular Kindle edition is cumbersome to navigate due to the format but it is still an exceptional book and very worth reading. Not only is the character developmet quite thorough and enjoyable but it gives us a glimpse of the society in which it was written. What I always find fascinating is that this, like most other classics, is about human nature, power and the consequences of actions. So in the end these themes are enduring and feed our desire to look into the hearts and souls of others- to be voyeurs-which is what makes a classic a classic.
__label__2 The Scarlet Letter e-Book: Great book, had seen the movie but the book is much more. It will hold your attention and is an easy read too.Even better, the e-book was free on Amazon!
__label__1 I just don't get it.: I am an avid reader. I have read many so called "classics". This book is just plain boring! Yawn.... I really tried to get into it. I couldn't finish it. I just kept falling asleep. This book contains some seriously long sentences. Some readers have said to just skip the first chapter or so. I couldn't do that. It just seems wrong. If you are going to read a book you should try and read it all. I am sorry to say "I have not read the Scarlet Letter." Sorry Hawthorne.... I really, really tried.
__label__2 favorite classic: loved it in high school, love it as an adult...Great book and very informative.Book is written well with ability to keep the reader interested in the book and all it has too offer.Characters and other plot.
__label__1 Childish Novel: It is a travesty that this novel is even classified with the classics. This is by far one of the most boring and pointless novels in existance. The plot dribbles on about sin and adultry with few arguments. The contrasting of light and dark, with shadows, light and color is overdone and quite childish. Any third grade student can classify purity as light and sin as darkness. More over, there is over a hundred pages of belaboring the point, with no real conclusion. At the end of the novel, all I had was a headache, and I had fallen asleep more than a dozen times.
__label__1 Jeff the Scorned: I hated this story. It was long. It was preachy. It was boring. Unless you're interested in catching up on battles with Puritanism, avoid this book.
__label__1 Ugh.: I read this book for AP English and had to do a blue-book assignment of it. The word "ugh" summarizes my experience.This book was written in the 19th century, and that's where it belongs. It wouldn't be nearly as bad if someone were to modernize the language used in the book, but reading through "dost thou" after "dost thou" isn't any fun.However, I highly recommend reading Richard Armour's take on SL in his book "The Classics Reclassified".
__label__1 This book was dumb: I know that saying the book is dumb nullifies all the hard work put into it, but I just did not like it. Sure the main idea and a well written summary makes the book as a whole good, it doesn't help the actual context one bit which was very hard to follow and comprehend.
__label__1 Avg. Rating too high: I've bought this book, underlined every hint of symbolism, found all evidence of romanticism, followed every quote involving thematic oppositions, and noted every example of Pearl's rebellious nature and social alienation, but I cannot find one positive aspect of this novel that makes any of my hard work feel rewarding. The only way this novel could give me a warm feeling is if I place it in a furnace.
__label__1 Received a different book: I ordered a specific ISBN No. and received a different tiny book of the same with different appearence and a different ISBN No.The picture seen online is not the one that I received.
__label__1 Oh my...: This novel is absolutely awful. Although it has received over 500 reviews I feel it is my duty to help bring the average star level to where it belongs, at zero. Where to begin... perhaps with the run on sentences, the failure to create significant rising action, the flat two dimensional characters... This novel is full of things which not only bore the reader, but frustrate them as well.The fatal flaw in this piece of literature is its inability to stay relevant. Post-modern society does not really care about, "Baby daddies," and the revelation which is made at the end, and beginning, of this novel is reproduced daily on morning television a la Maury. Unfortunately, Nathaniel Hawthorn you are the father of this literary disaster.
__label__1 Far too little crime and fist fights: So I heard about this from a friend at Comi-Con. He did not know much about it, but heard some people talking about it in the food court. I thought it sounded awesome, like Read or Die meets a cross between The Green Lantern and The Crimson Crusader. So I order what I thought was the graphic novel, turns out it is more "novel" and less "graphic". It was nothing like I expected, and unless shame is a super power (which is unlikely) Hester is just some puritan lady before radioactive spiders even existed!Seriously, I don't think "BANG!" "POW!" or "ZORT!" show up anywhere in the book! I almost gave this one star, but Roger Chillingworth is an awesome super villain name. His physiognomy is dead on as well, like in all comics, it let's us know he is the clear bad guy and we should not relate to him at all. Since the bad guy at least fits what I expect this gets 2 stars.
__label__1 Get to the point already: Too long. Re-read this and remembered how much Hawthorne's style irritates me. There is an interesting story within but he takes WAY too long to tell it.
__label__1 Slow moving predictable story: The story is a very simple one but the action, so to speak, doesn't really happen until the final third of the book. It was a battle to get through the dry middle!Unfortunately the story is also exceptionally easy to guessand the turns of the story are not surprising in the least.On the plus side, the book gives a good glimpse at life in Puritan early American communities and their moral strucutres.
__label__2 Good book if you look into it.: The Scarlet Letter is not a dull book if you get into it. It is true that it's language can be hard to read and understand at times, but that does not make it uninteresting. The main story, may not be considered exciting, but the novel is full of literary elements that make it a good book. Several faults are pointed to in this "perfect" Puritain town in which the story takes place. The book uses good elements like foreshadowing, foil characters, and a lot symbolism. A main point of the book is Hester's admiting her guilt as compared to her "lover's" hiding his guilt. I'm not going to tell you who she had the affair with, but it will be soon figuared out when you see the signs of his scarlet letter. The book may not be as exciting as some, but don't let this keep you from reading it, because it really is good.
__label__2 Great!!!!!READ ME READ ME READ ME!!!: Call me a sucker for classics, well I am. This novel brings forth issues that are still with us today. Yes, the book was written over 100 years ago, but it deals with Single mothers in a two-parent society and how the outsiders to the situation (townspeople) deal with Hestor Prynne and her daughter, Pearl. Even today we seem to look down upon single mothers as nothings, even though they are doing the best they can to raise their child(ren) and to survive themselves. Nathaniel Hawthorne seems to be writing about not only the early settlers, but also about HIS time and OUR time all in the same book. I give it five stars because of it's beautiful discription of the trials and tribulations of single-parenthood.
__label__1 Horrific forced reading: I will never understand why they force this book on school children, I'm sure there are many other "classic" stories that could be included in the curriculum.
__label__1 I read to pages of this novel and I had to stop!: I have yet to actually complete this novel. It is so dog-gone hard to understand. On top of this, I have an essay that is due: TOMORROW! Is there no relief?!
__label__1 I don't get it.: I was assigned this book when I was a sophomore in high school (22 years ago). I couldn't get through it; the Cliff Notes version help me pass the test. I found it turgid and laborious reading.I graduated in the top 10% of my high school class. I have a master's degree. Despite my academic success, I don't understand why this book is a classic. I don't understand why Hester didn't just pack up Pearl and her stuff, move to another town and tell everyone she was a widow. That would have saved everyone alot of grief, especially young readers like me.
__label__1 I hate this book.: This is the worst book I have ever read. The attempts at symbolism are bogged down with unnecessary detail and the language is over the top even for the time period. I hurled it across the room at one point in agitation and disgust.
__label__2 its as if I were reading the book itself.: I got the auido book cuz I didn't have time to read the book for my english report and exam. I listen to it for one week and did a great book report and did great on the final exam. I did better listen than reading.
__label__1 Way too boring for me: My son was forced to read this book for his high school english class. I consider this cruel and unusual punishment. I believe there are some consitutional laws that prevent schools from giving kids this big slop of boring inside about 300 pages. Its the reason why kids these days hate reading, because before they have time to read anything exciting and interesting they have to read stuff like the Scarlet Letter. The only reason Nathaniel Hawthorne is a classic is because he wrote fancy and he is dead. In fact Hawthorne never wrote an interesting word in his life. Its like he went out of his way to bore people to death. Now I know there wasn't much around to inspire good stories back than but I didn't think it was this bad. He drags on a plot that shouldn't of lasted more than 30 pages into a whole freakin novel! Pure insanity that kids are forced to read terrible bore fests like Hawthorne.
__label__1 Great plot, horrible writing!!!!!!!!: I believe that the plot of "The Scarlet Letter" could have been wonderful & something I would love to read, because the events are all such interesting ideas. I just think that Mr. Hawthorne made them boring through his writing style. Sometimes it just dragged on forever & I really think more of the book consisted of descriptions than dialogue---I couldn't enjoy a book like that. I think if this was written by a different author, with mainly the same plot, it could be wonderful. But this, was terribly boring!!!!!!!!
__label__1 get it away: I usually have nothing to say but good things about book I read! But this book, it does have it's interesting points but I just don't get into it. I rather would burn myself at the stake that read the remaining chapter I have to finish for my English Class. What did I have to do to deserve this? I stood there reading the book with my book in one hand and dictionary in the other, I ended up reading Chapter 9 about 10 times because the information wasn't getting to me. And the way the author addresses the reader, I want to scream. I'm sure in the 1850's this was a wonderful book because of the message it stated back then, but more than 100 years afterwards, people seem to lose interest. And the fact that they make HS students read this book is just plain homicide. STOP THE ASSIGNING OF THIS BOOK! DON'T PUT YOUR STUDENTS THROUGH TORTURE!
__label__1 Overrated Pretentious Trash: This novel is widely regarded as overrated. The plot is not that interesting, the writing style is torturous,the plot twists are predictable. It's a typical example of pre-20th century bad writing. Not to say that any book from that era is crap, but this book certainly is.
__label__2 The Scarlet Letter: One ofthe greatest novels in all of literature, The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne, tells of a life vastly different from those that we live today. Rejecting the present permissive lifestyle to which we were accustomed, the reader is entrenched in the gloom and doom of Puritan society. It is an exposure to a law that tells what to wear, how to think, and whom to love. The Scarlet Letter is a story of law versus human nature, hypocrisy, and of undeniable passions.Enlightening and refreshing, the reader is taken on an adventure and fully understands the risks of living passionately, beyond the limits that society sets. A novel that can be enjoyed by all ages, The Scarlet Letter is a masterpiece of its time.
__label__2 A classic novel with a contemporary message: Hawthorne's masterpiece is beautifully written and skillfully constructed. It's message is subtle, yet pervasive: that people we punish as "sinners" are often far more noble than their punishers. Judge not, lest ye be judged. Best (or worst) of all, the story is still wonderfully applicable to contemporary life. Perhaps President Clinton ought to wear a big scarlet letter 'A' on his chest for the rest of his term.
__label__2 Each read is like peeling layers of a rose: What greater journey than to delve into the human heart? Every emotion one can nurture there is here, bared and examined.Hester, at once forthright and complex, serves as our guide, as she wanders the lambrynth of her own private neart.That we can fall, sin, disappoint and still find redemption in confession make the message of The Scarlet Letter a most comforting tract for out day.
__label__2 A better read as an adult -- not a great choice for teenagers...: Well-paced, surprisingly easy to follow despite the language used. I hadn't read it in 30 years, and found it to be much more palatable as an adult than it was when I was a teenager. There must be a lesson in there somewhere..."
__label__1 Don't pay for this on the Kindle: Unless you have the correct size font, you will have a difficult time reading this book on the Kindle. It is not set up to have the text wrap correctly and therefore has a full line of text, the next line has a single word, then another full line and so on.
__label__2 Strong Woman: 200-300 worddI really liked this book because of Hester. She was a protagonist who refused to obey by socety's rules. She is a role model for women who wish to be free. Sure, she made a mistake. But, don't we all? Adultery is not right, but we learn from mistakes.I really liked to read about the time period because it was so different from our own. It is hard to believe that Hawthorne was only a writer for his time period.
__label__1 Slow, Overwritten Drama: It started with a great plot...until he actually wrote it. It was overwritten (it takes pages before something happens) and the protagonists were hard to like. Boring, sappy novel written as if he trying to imitate Victorian prose. There are a couple twists, but the main characters are such morons, it underscores the little action that does happen.
__label__1 Great Story ... Bad writing: So sue me ... I just don't like Nathanial Hawthorne. I think the plot is brilliant, but I find his method of telling the story annoying. I'm afraid this isn't an assertion I can back up with a lot of concrete examples, it's just that his writing gives me a vague feeling of malaise. I find this true of his short stories as well, so I never bothered with the other novels. But you'll have to read The Scarlet Letter for school anyway, so borrow it from the library.
__label__2 Wonderful, wonderful: Thank you, Erika Vause, for your positive review! I absolutely love this book! I had heard of this novel, but never considered reading it because the plot simply did not interest me. Then we read it in our academic English class (10th graders) and I was absolutely astonished!! Not only by the magnificence of the book--its themes of guilt and redemption are powerful and heart wrenching--but by the ignorance of some of my peers. It was obvious that their dislike sprung from the fact that they did not understand it! Please, please--read this book! You will not be sorry! I promise.
__label__1 Awful: I'll admit right up front that I am stupid. I would rather enjoy a book instead of try to find my way through the maze of confusing, endless prose that Hawthorne uses. I found myself empathizing more with Chillingworth than Dimmesdale. A book should NOT have to be dissected and disscussed to be understood!!! It should clearly portray its thematic structure without having to resort to a smokescreen of vague symbols and the word "Classic" stamped all over it to force people to appreciate it. Yes, it was heavily thematic and full of symbolism; and it was "meaty" (whatever that is), "deep", and "powerful"; but it was dry, slow, and boring. Even someone as myself, who generally enjoys the classics, will fall asleep (as I did everytime I tried to read this book). Do NOT try to speed-read this. This book has no place in a high-school English course; it needs a span of several years to muddle and plod thru, and then try to unravle.
__label__1 So boring: I am an English teacher and getting through the book was tough. Only Nathaniel Hawthorne can make sex sound boring.
__label__1 The okay book: Hawthornes The Scarlet letter is an okay book. It has an okay plot and okay characters, but the book is not one for teens of the 90's. I had to read this book for my English teacher and to tell the truth if it were not graded I would not have read it. The teens of today do not want to read about the ancient customs of puritan society. If it had been about the scandalous affairs of Hester and Rev. Dimmsdale it would still be a best seller. I think this book should be only read voluntarily. If you are thinking of reading it you may need to reconsider.
__label__1 I HATE THIS BOOK: I'm sure I would be able to understand the vivid descriptions and symbolism in this book much better, if Hawthorne were not writing in some sort of moon man language. I don't know about the production of narcotics in the 1800's, but I honestly think that Hawthorne wasn't on a natural high if you know what I'm saying.
__label__1 Don't READ THIS BOOK!!: THIS BOOK SUX! Who cares about Pearl anyways! Someone shoot me in the head before i die of boredom!!!
__label__1 If your looking to fall asleep than this is perfect 4 you !: Well, im 15 years old and my english teacher assigned this book for the class. I read only 6 of the chapters and then gave up . Maybe if it was somewhat interesting I would read it - but it has nothing to do with modern life.And to assign such a book at this time in a teens life is just pointless. Like I really care about what happenes to Hester. I've failed all the quizzes that my teacher gave us and most kids from the class did the same. Its one of those books where you read 4 pages and all of a sudden you realized that you were thinking about what you wearing today. Then i have to read the pages all over again. The book is extremely boring !! - I do not recommend it!
__label__1 slowly falling asleep: The book is boring if you try to read it without a good look at the movie first but it gets easier to understand once youre in class failing every single test your teacher gives you on it! Then she decides to explain what's going on to you later. It was boring and I fell asleep everytime I went to read it.
__label__1 one of the worst books I've ever read: typically, I will force myself to read even the worst books (for class, for "fun", because I think I should), but when I read this book for a [...] English course, I quickly realized it was one of the worst books ever (not to be taken lightly, seriously), certainly not worthy of a classic, boring, endless details that no one cares about... blah blah blah. Terrible. I was bored. It might have been too difficult for a 9th grader, but I wouldn't read it now either.on the other hand, my brother loved it.
__label__1 I only gave it a star because I had to.: This was the worst book I ever read. I was lost and confused and that was only in the first sentence. You would think that classic had to have some level of goodness, but this book was the worst piece of filth I had ever read in my entire life. It's no wonder that Hawthorn locked himself in his mothers attic, he was mentally ill before he ever wrote the book. If you are a high school student,like I am, you know the hell that I had to go through and I am guessing you never want to put yourself through it again. And to you who have no read this book, don't. You have not, or never will commit enough sin to be put in to the type of hell that this book offers the reader. DO NOT READ THIS BOOK. Oh, and by the way who decided that this was a classic romantic book, there is nothing romantic about this novel, nor anything good. If you are in the mood for a good romance shoot for Nora Roberts or Sandra Brown, they can actually write!
__label__1 paralyzing fear: The pain brought on by this archaicly verbose peice of literary kindling is so great that, while reading, I was greatly tempted to gouge out my eyes to prevent any future encounters with Mr. Hawthorne's "work". Please, for the love of all things sacred USE CLIFFNOTES!!! It will save you from years of therapy. I am scarred for live. My soul will be tormented after death and i will be forced to walk the earth in search for reconciliation.
__label__1 A sin to humanity: No, I'm not talking about Hester's crime. I'm talking about this STUPID BOOK! If only Hawthorne had kept his job in the customs house (see prologue), this abomination would never have been spawned from the cess-ridden depths of Hawthorne's twisted thinking organ. (You can figure THAT out on your own). This book is untolerably boring (the only proven cure of insomnia - if you don't mind the side effects) and the descriptions are ridiculously entangling. In the words of Mr. Hawthorne himself, this book is "ignominiously" dull. PRESERVE YOUR SANITY! NEVER READ THIS! NEVER!I sleep now...
__label__1 forced to read the most horrible book ever: where to bloody begin.... ah.. in my junior year i and everyone else in class was forced to read the book and watch the horrible origanal slow and boring movie. after we got done with it almost everyone in the whole dang room yelled out that it suck, right at the same time. both this and the great gatsby sucked. but i dd surprisngly enjoyed the great gatsby movie towards the end of it
__label__1 This book is a wast of good paper: Oh man, where do i begin with this one? First of all, I want to say that a 1 star rating is flattering this novel beyond all means. The Scarlett Letter is one of the most boring pieces of junk that I have ever been assigned to read. I realize that there is a ton of symbolism in this novel, but if you can't stay awake to find it, what's the point? Also, it really helps when Hawthorne decides to use 15 letter words in each and every sentence. Only person that I would recommend this novel to is an insomnia patient. This one ranks right up there with A Tale Of Two Cities (another "Classic").
__label__2 scarlet letter: this novel is of course set in england in the eighteeth centuryher a young woman jailed for crimes she commted outside themarriage was branded with a scarlett letter over her bossom.this was tipical of the ear and time.
__label__1 Looooooooooooooooong.: If you can read and readily understand old-english, you *may* be able to enjoy this novel.I found it painfully long and didn't even care to finish it, which is unheard of for me!
__label__1 Unable to Review: Unfortunately, I have to say that I am very very disappointed with this order. I ordered this book on Sept 2 for my daughter to read and write a report about for school. (Report is due Oct 25) and to date, October 9, I have NOT RECEIVED it yet. When I contacted the vendor to report last week, I basically received a "sorry for your luck, but once it leaves our hands, we really don't care" type of response. Totally not impressed.
__label__1 Painful: This was one of the most boring books i've ever read. Unfortunately i did not give up on Hawthorne after reading this novel, that was a mistake. I'd pass on this one if i were you, if you must read this for school I highly suggest getting a summary online.
__label__1 Incredibly confusing; have a dictionary on hand!: This is probably the most confusing and worst book I have ever read! The author uses incredibly large words and you constantly have to use a dictionary or else you most likely won't know hat you are reading. From my point of view as a high school (with mostly A's and good at English) student I would not recommend this book to any other high school age students. The author needs to get to the point and not drag on for pages about things that are not important at all. Long setences also makes the book drag on. If I didn't have to read this book for a book report I would have put it down after the first page or two and usually I finish every book that I start. This book had me in tears because it was so difficult. I had to ask my English teacher to explain this to me. Read this book at your own risk, but i do not reccommend it to anyone.
__label__1 Save Yourself: I agree 100% that Hawthorne was a brillaint writer. But this book was horrible. A simple phrase of action (Hester walking down the street) would be 4 pages of reflection. I read alot and am a huge fan of John Steinbeck, J.D Salinger, Mark Twian. I hated this book. It was took long and nearly impossible to read. If you have to read it for school, good luck. Otherwise, avoid this. There are much better classics than this.
__label__1 Ick.: Three words to describe my feelings of this book...I HATE IT.Hawthorne's writings are dull, dry, and other words that mean bad that start with D. The character's a boring.
__label__2 confusing, but good: Being in high school, it took a little bit to understand it, but after a while, I was able to get the basic point of the story. If you know you'll have to read this for school in the future, read it ahead of time. That way, you won't be reading on a deadline, which makes it worse. Read it at your own pace and you will understand it more. Also, the second time through, when you have to read it, you will see many things that you missed, and the story will be much more meaningful to you. (You'll do better on tests and quizzes, too.) Even if you're not required to read it, check it out-it's not called a classic for nothing!
__label__2 SAD: this book represents a time in the past of our country in which we should be ashamed. not only was this a time of "witchcraft" and witchunts, but the society was willing to ostracize a human being for adultery. as if it weren't punishment enough for hester to have to wear the "a" on her chest, everyone stared at her peculiarly and did not accept her into normal society. i think this is overly harsh, yet this whole book reflects the time in which it took place very well. i would recommend it.
__label__1 The Next Best Thing to a Sleeping Pill!: This book literally put me to sleep. I could wake up at 2 in the morning and find the book in my lap, and then have to stress over finishing the assigned reading for my English class. I mean, some of the sentences are about 15 lines long, and the plot, if there is a plot, is incredibly slow. If the author would just tell it like it is, and not drag it out for pages, the book would be only about a third of the length that it is. Boring, boring, BORING!
__label__2 great!: I've never heard of this author before so reading this was a bit of a gamble with me but I liked the sound of it. Well, I'm glad I took the risk. I was sucked into the characters lives and anxious to discover thier outcomes and fates. The plotline fell into place so well and wonderfully. Despite the fact that it wasn't full of suspense it was still SUCH a page turner. I loved the way the book was written, each line meant something and each line was meant to be there and each new page was like a new poem.It made me concentrate too. It's not the kind of book you can read half asleep before bed time, this book required my full attention.
__label__2 Beautifully Done: The story of hester is by itself a master piece worthy of its highly commended status, however the annotated version really helps the reader understand the historical references and many archaic words.
__label__1 Not What it is Made Out to be...: It shocks me that the Scarlet Letter is the most taught book in the nation. It may have much symbolism and so on, but it is a convoluted mess. The author is completely detached from his audience, and for some bizarre reason, he feels he has to explain every little thing that happens in great detail. It is also irrelevant to our modern times. In our days people need to be reading things like Huxley, Orwell, Fitzgerald, Bradbury, Hemmingway, Steinbeck, Salinger, and many other great 20th century writers. This book is only relevant to those interested in the time period which it discusses.
__label__1 hate this new format: I didnt realize when I ordered it that the type was turned side ways. I bought this as a gift, but not sure I will give it.I guess someone might like the format, but I dont.
__label__2 Wonderful: Once you get past the language barrier, this book is an amazing read. To see the tragedies that some women went through at one point in history is a great thing, and to remind us never to let history repeat itself.
__label__1 Need a dictionary!: The Scarlet Letter is an interesting book. While reading the book I was filled with many feelings about it. I enjoyed some chapters, but loathed the ones describing the characters. I felt as if Hawthorne could have told the story more efficiently if he had described each character as they came onto the scene. The book made me feel inferior and uneducated. I made so many trips to get the dictionary that my legs got tired. I enjoyed the general story-line, but I could have left the adjectives behind. Pearl was my favorite character because she had a priceless intuition that helped me read the book. I would have been lost without Pearl's hints. I would not have read this book if not required to by my English teacher. Attack it if you dare!!
__label__2 An Excellent Portait of Puritan New England: Nathaniel Hawthorne's "The Scarlet Letter" is a vivid (and accurate) portayal of life in Puritan New England. The prejudices, superstitions and institutions of the society are expressed so well that contemporary readers, who have little knowledge of New England's history, are able to feel the oppression and religious pressures that were common in that society. Indeed, this work is comparable (if not superior) to Arthur Miller's Crucible.
__label__1 Leave this one to the bibliophiles: Yes, I am a 17 yr old high school kid. But I can tell good books from the bad ones. "The Scarlet Letter" is a "classical" tale of 2 lovers. To be concise, this novel is too wordy to be enjoyable. People can say it's a classic romantic novel, it has good character developments, it has good themes and ironies, blah blah blah. I, like most people, don't judge a book by checking out its trap metaphors; all in all leave this book to a "Doctor of Puritanical Philosophy". If youre looking for a more entertaining classic, read "Huck Finn" by Twain.
__label__1 Yes, I was another victim who had to read this for school: Ok, when I first started this book I thought it was the dumbest thing and I could not belive this was a classic! (I still can't) After a few chapters I thought it was a little better and thats why I gave it two stars. Also, it is one of the better books that I had to read for school. I still feel that it was a little boring and hard to follow but with the class discussions I understood it a lot more. I still wouldn't reccommend this book to anyone
__label__2 a book value: The classic book that is read by virtually every high school student in America ; and at a bargian price
__label__2 Good read................. ............... .... ....... ........ .......... ......... ......... ......... ......... ..... .....: Good read................. ............... .... ....... ........ .......... ......... ......... ......... ......... ..... ..... ..... . . . . .. . . .
__label__1 Not interesting at all: I was supposed to read this for English class,and had some interest because I`ve heard people and my teacher say that this was an American classic and was very good.But once I heard some of my friends who started to read it and say it was difficult and boring,I got the book on audio to assist me.I only got to chapter 3 and I was trying to guess how many pages were left to the end.Its uniteresting and difficult because the story wanders with absolutly no direction.I highly recomend getting Cliff Notes(which I got and are very easy to understand compared to the book) and possibly the movie(It might not be the same to the book, but having the visual aid of Demi Moore certainly helps the mind focus better).
__label__1 This book is incredibly boring!: This is one of the all-time most boring books. I do not recommend reading it at all. The introduction is incredibly long, and incredibly boring. Also, it doesn't really have the sort of plot that would make it a book you can't put down. I personally fell asleep four different times reading this book. I had much higher expectations for this book. If you are looking for a classic to read, I would recommend The Count Of Monte Cristo, not this book.
__label__1 Both forward and backward in its ideas: First of all: those who found the book to be dull, such as me, listen to it on tape (it's abbreviated yet still dangerous = boring to listen to while driving, as I found out). Indeed, Hawthorne introduces some advanced ideas for the times, such as writing about a single mother, as well as musings about women's rights. His obsession with Victorian themes, such as the deification of children, fixation on bodily sins, as well as overdramatization and simplification of the plot equals predictability and annoyance to the reader. While this book could probably be considered "a classic," such as Tolstoy's "Anna Karenina," both are better classified as carefully crafted literary exercises rather than engaging stories.
__label__1 I am going to bring Hawthorne back from the grave to hit him: Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, this the worst book i've ever read, I consider myself open to all fine lterature but I absolutely hate this book. But the writing is superb!
__label__1 Not Worth Reading: Yes the writing is poetic...but the book says the same thing over and over. I didn't feel like I learned anything from reading this book, the characters are rather flat and the symbols are far too obvious and there is too many of them. It's like Hawrthorne had a contest with himself to see how many symbols he could cram in.
__label__2 Power to women: I read this book when I was 16 and I totally fell in love with it. I love the power it hands over to women. Hawthorne does a great job in illustrating the kind of prejudice society extends to women for actions that can be equally distributed to men but even more so he shows the determination of a woman to overcome whatever adversities may be present with renewed pride and dignity.
__label__1 it was very slow.: Hawthorne was a excellent writer for the 19th century, however, this book is very slow and often has no dialog for over a chapter. The descriptions get very long, boring and tedious. As you read this book your mind starts to wander and you can't remember what happened for chapters at a time. The only was I was able to get through it was by reading Cliffs Notes then the book.
__label__1 It wasn't good: I starting reading this book with great enthusiasm for my 11th grade English GT class's summer homework. I read and read, and I just started hearing names of people who, didn't make sense. I could never figure out who Reverend whatever is, or that other guy they talk about, I just went a long skimming the book, not able to feel any plot whatesoever! I was completely bored with this book. I didn't need a dictionary whatsoever either, but I will probably need Cliff Notes, so I could understand what the story is about, if anyone can help, please do.
__label__1 ugh: Why do books such as this keep being required reading in high schools? Havent there been any authors in more recent time that would provide students more relevancy? Obviously this appeals to those who are truly literature lovers--and that's fantastic. But for most kids, give them something they'll enjoy reading and maybe they'll learn to love literature more. Books like this just antagonize and demoralize those who are not naturally literature lovers.
__label__1 A classic...but one of the worst books, ever.: At some point in your life you may have to read this snooze fest, and I pity the day you are required to read it. Hawthorne takes days to make a point, any statement at all, starting from the unbearable introduction "The custom house" through the last page. There is no action, no humor, no joy, only the character study of the puritan society, and a "brave" woman. Do yourself a favor and get the cliffnotes or use Antistudy.com. Anyone who truly believes this is a good is either a pseudo-intellectual, or they enjoy the same style of Melville, or anything written by Hawthorne. I would give this no stars if possible.
__label__1 How Can Sex and Sin Be So Boring?: Throughout this entire book, one part of my brain was in a state of wonder, trying to imagine how anyone could make a book about scandal, sin, adultery, public shame and cowardice so dull. To finish the book was a test of will, and was accomplished because I hate to leave things undone.There are many fine, engaging, interesting novels, both of our age and of Hawthorne's. I can't imagine why one would want to slog through this one.
__label__1 unfinishable: A classic? Hardly. In it's time this book may have ruffled feathers but these days it's a struggle to get through. Hawthorne's writing style is dreary and dreadful; if captivating readers was his aim, he failed miserably.
__label__1 American classic my ...: This completely predictable novel seems more like a beginner's attempt of writing a book rather than an American classic. The author treats the readers as if they completely lack a brain by stating the understood and by completely beating concepts to death (note the reference).
__label__2 Hawthorne's Masterpiece: Hawthorne's Scarlet Letter is a tale of secret love, adultery, and sadness. Every person should read this timeless American novel at some point in their life. The strength of Hester Prynne is unusual for novels composed during the time this was published, and is therefore a revolutionary literary work. My only complaint is the length of "The Custom House," however horrible this sounds, I would just skip it, it does not add to the plot of the novel anyway.
__label__2 Useful for AP Lit: I read Nathaniel Hawthorne's Scarlet Letter for my Advanced English 11 class. This is not a book I would normally have picked up and read, but I am glad that I read it.The Scarlet Letter deals with themes of love, society's oppression, secrets, a character finding herself, as well as numerous other classic literature themes. I found the book itself to be challenging to read, but I liked the story. Hawthorne explores when feelings and passion conflict with religion, which was fascinating to consider from a religious perspective.Although I did not enjoy the book much at the time I had to read it, it proved to be quite useful when I took the AP Literature and Composition Test this year. When I had to choose one book to frantically review the day before the test, this is the book I chose. Sure enough, this is the book I used for the AP test as a reference.This is an essential book for anyone taking AP Literature.
__label__2 Timeless Classic: I enjoyed this book a lot, once I got past the slow parts. Hester Prynne is found pregnant out of wedlock. Since she won't reveal the identity of the father, she is forced to wear the Scarlet Letter "A" on her chest for the rest of her life. She gives birth to a girl and she changes her life around, so at the end of the book, people refer to her as "Angel" instead of "Adulterer."This is a timeless tale because the situation could easily happen in any time period. When we do something wrong, the way we live our lives afterwards is the determining factor of our moral character. One event does not define us. It's our entire lives that should be taken into account. I think that is Nathaniel Hawthorne's point. Redemption is possible for anyone, regardless of their sin. Also, the father who remained unknown to the society but not the reader, suffers enormously because he doesn't confess. This is a good point. When we hide our sins, the only person it ultimately hurts, is us.
__label__2 One of the Greatest Books Ever Written: The Scarlet Letter is an excellent book. Hawthorne spends so much time discussing the characters' thoughts and motives that by the end of the book, you can understand why the people act the way they do. It makes them seem almost real. He relates nature to what the character's are experiencing that makes the story even more powerful. In one place he told of a rose bush that grew by the prison so it seemed Nature was saying that even though other people had abandoned them, someone could always count on the nature's love. It's very beautifully written. The story of adultery and jealous spouses happens in our own day which makes The Scarlet Letter relate to the reader. It's just a great book all over, and I feel that it's one of the best ever written.
__label__1 Does not have true plumeria scent: I used to live in Hawaii. Plumerias were abundant, both growing and leis. I was excited to have that scent again in a lotion. The lotion itself is your average body lotion consistency. However, there is NO way that this is a true plumeria scent. I would not order their other "Plumeria" products (which are more expensive)based on this lotion.
__label__2 Just as described: This bench was easy to assemble, but I would suggest that you have someone else help you to hold the parts while you screw them together. Otherwise it might be too difficult, not in design, but just in holding the large pieces in the right place. I put the bench on my front patio which is uncovered. It doesn't usually snow in Seattle, but it did this year, and the bench remained uneffected. The bench has also with stood the Seattle rains. This bench is as stated, element proof! Great for summer yard lounging as well. I have been 100% satisfied!
__label__2 The ultimate for women: My wife has several workout books but as she states, "not one matches Arnold's". This book not only covers subjects like what to eat, it also goes into great detail on what workouts work what muscles. Great book!
__label__1 Boring: I love Arnold and what he has accomplished so it suprised me to suggest that women should start out using 3 lb weights. Sorry, you won't get results like that. This book my be good for seniors or those with limited physical ability.
__label__2 Dual Language- Selections from Don Quixote: I have found that this is an excellent tool for vocabulary building. I am able to understand the meaning immediatly and hope to continue buying dual language books for this reason.
__label__2 Best one in Tomato Trilogy: Return of the Killer Tomatoes is hilarious. Anthony Starke is great. J. Stephen "Rock" Peace is back as Lt. Wilbur Finletter. This is the best movie in the Killer Tomato Triolgy.
__label__2 Pretty Fricken Sweet: You know the movies, and if you're looking at this page, you probably love them. The bottom line is, you get 6 classic campy DVDs, in their own cases, for a good price. Some of these DVDs are hard to find on their own - I personally had been looking for Return to Horror High for quite some time, before I decided to get this set. It's well worth the money - you won't be disappointed.
__label__2 FT rules: Talk about a hokey plot and cheezy acting -- this movie is GREAT !! The 1980's will never be forgotten as a decade of some really sad movies. My God does George Clooney look young and with that mop of hair..... Can't wait to see The Killer Tomatoes take France.
__label__2 100 times better than the first: This is the best movie since Monsturds no wait this movie is better than Monsturds even. You will not find a much better than this film. The first film wasn't even close to as good as this 5 stars way up for an excellent come back!!!
__label__1 Too Stupid: I bought this for my grandson who loves "cheesy" movies but even he said this movie was too stupid. The first Killer Tomatoes movie at least had some funny parts. This movie doesn't. Don't waste your money.
__label__1 DECEPTION!: Warning -- the two songs listed as "Little Steve" were written by him but are not the originals nor performed by him!
__label__1 Warning: You are not downloading Little Steven: I tried to download "Forever" by Little Steven & the Disciples of Soul, and through a very deceptive listing accidentally downloaded this very substandard cover version. It's not the .99 cents that was stolen from me that I am worried about. It's a local bar band cheating people by listing the original artist as the performer when they know perfectly well they've never been in a studio with Little Steven.
__label__2 Warming Dishs Sooooo Helpful: The Sassy Baby warming dishes are great! Add the hot water let it sit while you get baby ready to eat and away you go. Also keeps the food warm while baby is eating. The bright colors also hold the babys attention. We bought two one for home and one for grandmas house.Sassy Baby Warming Dish, Colors May Vary
__label__1 Not what we expected: The suction on this dish does not really work. The only thing I could get it to suction to was glass. we never really wanted it for the warming part, just for the suction. All in in all, we were not very satisfied with this purchase.
__label__1 Not user friendly: The dish is not easy to take apart for cleaning and I wish I could put in it the microwave.
__label__1 Not worth it: We tried this dish a couple of times. It didn't warm the foods that much more than just putting warm food on a plate & feeding it to your hungry baby. Just another (unnecessary) step in the feeding progress. Don't waste your time.
__label__2 Great warming dish: I love this dish. I try to keep from microwaving my baby's food, so I put really hot water in the base of this bowl. It warms my baby's food (even food from the fridge) and keeps it warm. As another reviewer said, the dish is very difficult to separate.
__label__1 NOT USER FREINDLY: This product is a good idea however:1. The fill hole, is not large enough to fill the bottom of the dishwith hot tap water without getting water into the serving tray.2. Can't be put in the Micro.3. Extremely hard to open bottom compartment to clean.4. Extremely hard to open and close ( I and my daughter have to use abutter knife to pry open).5. Not good for a grandmother's hands that has joint problems.6. Doesn't keep food warm for very long.Perhaps going back to the drawing board would help this product!
__label__1 Disappointed: Maybe in time I will figure this plate out, but I cannot get the suction to work and there were no directions with it as to how to take it apart, use the suction, clean it out. It may seem simple, but a harried mother needs these details! I am disappointed as it is utterly useless to me, at least as far as being a stay-put dish, which is why I purchased it.
__label__1 Not User Friendly. NOTHING that says it's BPA-free: Nearly impossible to disassemble for cleaning.Hole for water is tiny.Bottom gets very hot to handle, food takes awhile to warm up, then remains warm for only about 20 minutes.MOST importantly, IS THIS DISH BPA-FREE OR NOT? I've seen it listed on BPA-free lists on the web, BUT, there is nothing on the package or product description that deems it so.
__label__2 Sassy Baby Warming Dish vs. Gerber Bowl: Keeps food warm. Sticks to the tray of the high chair. Gerber bowl doesn't stick. The little dividers are nice for serving. The only complaint is that it is very difficult to get the divided bowl off the bottom.
__label__2 just what i was looking for: i do not use these for warming the food. i did try that once and it was just a pain. i purchased the bowls because they are divided and stick to the high chair. so they are great for that, but i would not recommend getting it if you are just looking for a warming dish.
__label__2 Must-Have for Children's Library: I ordered this book as part of a third grade curriculum for my son. These Everyman titles are really wonderful-- beautiful binding, heavy pages, amazing illustrations. I was not disappointed with this book. It is the kind of book we will read again and again and hopefully pass on to the next generation. Hawthorne's rendition of the myths and fables is classic and engaging, and Rackham's illustrations are worth the price on their own.
__label__2 Very informative: I just returned from a month-long trip to Vietnam and Cambodia, and I found this book extremely useful for Cambodia. Not so much for hotel listings, etc., but for no-nonsense background information on Angkor, Phnomh Penh, and Siem Reap. The Vietnam portion was helpful as well, but I relied more on the Lonely Planet and Rough Guide Vietnam editions for that country. I would definitely recommend this book to someone traveling to Cambodia over the Lonely Planet edition, which is *really* outdated.
__label__1 ...: I purchased this book and attempted to use it as a resource for a trip to Cambodia in July 1999. The only current information in the entire country section was that Pol Pot has died. Cambodia is a fascinating place to visit...Too much has changed for this book to be of any use
__label__1 1996 edition of book is outdated: The book WAS good in its time but EVERYTHING related to traveling in this area of SE Asia, especially Laos, has changed drastically in the past three years. Frankly, a 1996 edition should be sold as remainders at about $2, then someone who wanted only info about the people or the temples could get ethnographic info only! I was in Laos this past August 1998 and most published info, except the Internet updates by an Australian in Nong Khai,Thailand, who does visas to Laos, was wrong and very outdated--especially the most important things like availability of visas and safety of bus/road travel. Real traveling info from books like this that are so old could be very misleading!
__label__1 Disappointing: This book is getting mixed reviews. It seems like friends of the author say its great. Those who tried to actually use the book are disappointed that everything is so out of date. This edition was not updated since the first edition and is now really out of date. Things change, but sloppy research is always out of style.
__label__1 Arrived broken!: Well, this is one of those "you get what you pay for" kind of reviews. Didn't pay much, didn't expect much, but basically functional would've been nice. The generator came broken (probably a miswire internally). Yep, I checked the outs with a meter... and if I finagled the probe inside and touched the right spot, I got voltage. Just not externally. Too much trouble to return it and convinced my 10-year old to go with a real light powered by batteries.
__label__1 complicated: I still haven't figured out how to put this light together. When I do, the wires appear very delicate and I doubt it will even work. The directions are atrocious. But at least it doesn't require batteries, so you can feel good about not destroying the environment too much.
__label__1 junk: this thing is nothing but s piece of junk it came broke,didnt,work i wouldnt of rated it but i had to:[DO NOT BUY THIS ITEAM-it is nothing but a piece of junk
__label__2 entertaining, but not for everybody: Although, in a certain sense I did not like this movie - one thing that I did find that I did like was that it was entertaining. It's a daring movie that take a rare look at what we've been missing in today's corperate -hectic (kiss butt) culture. And that is emotional honesty. It's like a release, a drug, or even bad music that we enjoy because it allows us to express ourselves for who we know what we are to be what we are, and not necessarily how we act in everyday life. We definately need more movies like this (despite what some critics may say).
__label__1 Adam Sandler lame as ever...: I was told that this was a decent movie.But I didn't care for it. I find Adam Sandler as funny as Jerry Lewis, not very...The animation was pretty good however.
__label__1 One of the worst I have ever seen: Do not buy or rent this. Adam Sandler is officially a no talent hack. This is not for children or anyone for that matter unless lame brained scattological humor with absolutely no point is your thing.
__label__1 Nauseating!: If you are adamant to watch this movie despite all the negative reviews, please do it after the Holliday season. This is the most depressing, sad, pathetic, sarcastic and cruel movie that I've ever seen in my life.Through all the movie I felt that I am going to cry and was depressed for the rest of the day. Basically it is a movie about a guy that lost his parents during his childhood, twins with serious genetic disorders and a single mom. How somebody could find it funny is beyond me.If you want to kill the Holiday spirit and get into a deep depression than this movie is perfect for you! If not - skip it.
__label__1 Spare yourself.: This movie is such a bizarre combination of morality and immorality it seems like no one would really like it, but there are always exceptions.If you're looking for a sweet Christmas tale, watch A Christmas Carol or The Grinch. If you're looking for potty humor, watch Beavis and Butthead. This movie tries to be both, and in the end, the sick humor and complete meanness just cancel out the moral message the plot tries to portray, leaving the viewer with nothing. Anyone who has the impression from these reviews that this is a "moral" movie, please beware, it is far, far, from it. There were glimmers of morality and good humor in there, but they were all but eclipsed by the nastiness.
__label__1 Adam Sandler's eight crazy nights: I thought this was a big dissapointment! It is crude beyond "good taste." I wish I could return the DVD but I don't have my receipt so I'll just "trash it!"
__label__1 A very disappointing movie: Its sad that a animation that is clearly made to attract children was made with such rude humor and disrespect towards others. How this animation could be recomended for anyone is beyond me. Shame on you Adam Sandler that your ability is not used for more postive purposes.
__label__1 8 Crazy Nights: DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!! One reviewer states, "the funniest Christmas movie ever". This could not be farther from the truth. I like many of A. Sandler's movies. However, this movie sucked really bad. It was crude and not funny (reindeer pooping and eating poop?...come on!). It was irritating and not funny (the old man's voice was so grating, it made you want to scream five minutes into the movie). Most of all, the movie was boring and embarrassing to watch in mixed company. I still can't believe I wasted $4.00 to rent it.
__label__1 Clean it up!: The Story is appropriate and some parts are really funny but some of it is horrible (sickest humor he's done in any of his movies that I've seen). Definately not for kids. I expected better after Mr. Deeds. Adam Sandler is really talented and there is no reason he has to produce such trash. I love the Chanukah Song! I'm not a Jew but it makes me want to celebrate Chanukah.There are only two real redeeming features of the movie. These are the little old man Whitey, because he loves everyone in his actions even though they treat him like ..., and Stone's repentence (for lack of a better word) at the end.
__label__1 1 star, since there's no "zero stars" available: I can't believe the reviewer who turned this off after the first 30 minutes. How in the world did anyone watch this for 30 minutes? So I only watched 10 minutes, but a movie that starts the way this one does is not getting any more of my time. My hairdresser highly recommended this, and all I have to say to her is, don't give up your day job to become a movie critic! Total garbage.
__label__1 Eight Crazy Nights: I couldn't tell you how this movie ends, we turned it off after the first half-hour. Not appropriate for children, not entertaing for adults. Our dog even left the room. Don't waste your money.
__label__1 Parents - Don't Let Your Kids Watch This Movie: Someone I know bought this in a discount rack, thinking it was what it pretends to be -- a children's holiday cartoon. Nothing could be further from the truth. I could not believe what a disgusting piece of filth it is, full of perverted sexual innuendo. Movies like this should not be marketed toward children, and no matter what the rating, that is who they were trying to target by making it look like a children's holiday cartoon. It should be kept in the back room of video stores with the restriction that only adults could see it (and then only if they have absolutely no taste nor moral fortitude whatsoever). I can't give this as strongly negative a review as it deserves! I only gave it one star because they wouldn't let me give it none.
__label__2 sandler is da bomb: 8 crazy nights was a movie that was touching and hilarious. Adam Sandler was good and should be seen by families.
__label__1 The thrid in a string of flops for Sandler: Eight Crazy Nights is the thrid back to back unfunny movie(following Little Nicky and Mr Deeds) that Adam Sandler has made in the past two years. Eight Crazy Nights is full of toiler humor and unfunny one-liners. I may have laughed once or twice if these movie. They should have called Eight Crazy Ways to ruin a comic's carrer.
__label__1 i want my money back: Most likely one of the worst movies i have ever seen! I went to see this movie with about 5 or 6 friends, when it was over, we all wanted our money back! The movie is not funny at all. Believe me i love adam sandler but this isnt even a comedy, there are alot of sad parts in it, but they label it as a comedy. All this movie actually is happens to be is a fairy tale for little kids, huge waste of money. If you want to see a real adam sandler comedy wait for anger management or rent happy gilmore.
__label__1 terrible movie: I used to be a fan of The Simpsons, but now much more of a South Park kinda guy, so it's near impossible to offend me really.. The humor was good in some spots, but overall I fould it to be annoying and pointless. The emotion and general plot was pretty good, and I've always liked Sandler for his singing abilities and SNL work, but this movie was bad (some of the singing was okay, but personally I didn't like half of it). Most of the content is incredibly gross and could make you vomit if eating, but that's Sandler's great gold.
__label__1 Not a Good Hanukkah or Christams Movie!: This movie was terrible!"WARNING SPOLIERS MAY BE POSSIBLE!"Well it starts out with Davey, a drunk who is crude and mean. Then when he gets into trouble he's doomed to community service with the town migiet Whitney, (No offence to little people out there, that it not my intention to offend anyone). Whitney sounds like Woody Allen on crack, and his fernal twin sister Elenaor isn't any better.Well Davey does all he can to offend Whitney. That is until his place burns up! So he moves in with Whitney and his sister, and they set some ground rules. Then as the movie goes on, they make a big deal about Davey having little emotion, and when he cries it's all the sudden a big deal! And for some reason the deer in the woods talk, and help Whitney out. What or who is Whitney supposted to be Santa Claus?I hate the music in it, the voices are annoying, and the characters are mostly unlikable! So warning to parents, keep your children locked up from this totally bad movie!
__label__1 The worst movie ever made: Yeah, it sounds like a cheery holiday movie for the kids, but it isn't.It's mean-spirited movie that goes nowhere. It's crude and rude as you would expect from Sandler, but not even in a funny way. Imagine Sandler pushing a little old man in a port-a-potty down a hill so that he becomes a frozen sh*tsicle...then imagine reindeer coming to lick it off him and getting sh*t stuck in their teeth. Yup, that was in there and was about the extent of the humor therein.Please don't buy this. And if you do, BE SURE to watch this before giving it as a gift or letting your children watch it.
__label__1 ive seen this before...........: this is the worst comedy evericould tell this was an adam sandler movie right from the startit its a compilation of all the weak jokes from his past movies and albums, actors and songs put together to make a very dissapointing comedy. Had i known this movie was so bad, i hoped someone would have brought it TO MY ATTENTION YESTERDAY!!!!
__label__1 ugh: The packaging was coming off the back of the package and the box it was in was distorted. I wanted to give this as a christmas present but it doesn't even look new!
__label__2 Awesome: I have been a huge Adam Sandler fan for years. I love this movie it makes me laugh so hard. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a change from the same old same old holiday movies. Two thumbs up:))
__label__2 Hilarious: I loved this movie. It was hilarious and Sandler's fans especially will be cracking themselves up. I must admit that it is very crude at parts, so although the cover looks appealing for youngsters, it probably isn't suitable for the young ones. Although, I must admit that a lot of the jokes will go right over their heads.The message is good and the overall story has a message. I cried for Whitey, and I think any movie that moves a person to the point of crying is worth a watch. But it is HILARIOUS, from the triple breasted lady, to Whitey and his sister, to the deer (who's significance I really didn't understand).A must see for anyone <over 13> with a good (but stupid) sense of humour and a desire for a couple of laughs!
__label__2 Adam Sandler is Awesome: This movie is great, but having it on 2 disc special edition maked it even better. The special features are the shiznit.
__label__2 Crazy about 8 Crazy Nights!: This movie is awesome. It is the perfect movie for the holiday season. I am absolutely crazy about Whitey, the old man referee in the movie. Elenore and Davey are also hilarious! I love this movie and watch it over and over again with my whole family. Something you should buy because it is great!"Smell you later poopsicles!" (A funny line from the best movie in the WORLD!!!)
__label__1 Childrens Humor Not Suitable For Children.: I want to say first that I am an Adam Sandler fan. I loved him on SNL, I have enjoyed him in everything from "Billy Madison" to "Punch-Drunk Love". So with that in mind, I had high hopes for "Eight Crazy Nights". To say it was a let down would be an understatement. This is one of the worst movies I have seen in recent memory.The only thing remotely close funny is the old man named Whitey. He has a few lines that might warrant a slight chuckle. Sandler's Davey Stone character is so annoying, you will probably be tempted to turn off the movie within the first 10 minutes. If you don't, you'll be treated to jokes about hairy butts, a woman with three breasts, a man eating a jock strap and deer licking frozen feces. Sounds appealing, doesn't it?I am sure some diehard Sandler fans think this is funny, but I don't. Hopefully his first animated movie will be his last.
__label__1 Nightmare Before Hannukah: I love Adam Sandler. Well, I used to love him, before he made Eight Crazy Nights. Not only was this cartoon not funny, it was downright trash. I would not recommend this "feature" to anyone. "Eight Crazy Nights" was short on story, long on time, and wearing on patience. I kept watching in hopes that this cartoon would redeem itself; I needed some justification for wasting the 2 hours of my life that I will never get back. Needless to say, I stuck it out until the credits, and now I have to live with the facts that I: 1.) watched the movie; and 2.) I'll never get that time back. So now I sit here, typing away a review I doubt anyone will read, wasting more of my precious life on that ridiculous movie! HUMBUG! Watch "Ishtar," you'll get more out of it. Oh, and I only awarded one star because Amazon insists you give everything at least one star. I did this under protest.
__label__1 Okay. There is a movie worse than Stargate.: Let me start out by saying that I enjoy Adam Sandler movies. I like Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore. Sure, they're not great films, but they've given me plenty of laughs. So when I tell you that this is one of the most dreadful movies I've ever watched, you'll know it isn't because of some bias against Mr. Sandler.This may be the worst movie ever made. It is cloying, stupid, unfunny, weird, and pathetic--in a bad way. I could go on about the awful story, the grating voices, the cliches and schmaltz, or the bad songs. (Yes, Virginia, this is a musical. The worst musical ever unleashed on film. No, I haven't seen every musical; but you don't need to in order to fully understand the depths to which this film sinks.)Don't see it. Don't buy it. Don't rent it. Don't send any signal that they should make more cr*p like this.
__label__1 Worse Movie I've Seen In Ages: I gave this 1 star because they wouldn't let me have 0 stars. The movie is just plain horrible. The 12 year olds in the audience enjoyed the juvenile, flatulence and other bodily function humor. But, this was the same audience that was passing gas in the theater and laughing at themselves. It will be a long time before I waste money on another Adam Sandler film.
__label__1 To be honest....: To be 100% honest i thought the movie was boring and too sappy for a cartoon.The old guy got on my nerves and the movie was just so unlike adam.I mean come on we all know he could have done way better than this stupid movie.Im sorry but i just think the movie was horrible.
__label__1 Sucks: Yeah well this movie was just terrible. Sandler tries paroding the classic cartoon musical but he fails in every way possible. I mean this is a stupid movie, one song is about how great the mall is and then another song has the logos of different stores singing to him. It's almost a marketing ploy to get people to go holiday shopping more. The film also tries to make the audience sympathize with Sandler's character but once again it fails, we have seen the Grinch and A Christmas Carol too many times to actually care about this Jewish Scrooge. This movie sucks all around with cheap gross out humor that may have worked better had it been live action but that would have defeated the purpose of the film. And one last comment, Why the hell is this a double disc DVD? All of Sandlers good and/or funny movies are singular yet this movie is terribe and it gets the extra feature treatment. This movie sucks.
__label__2 return to forever proto-type: Three musicians out of five on this effort formed Return to Forever, so you can imagine a strong resemblance to the ECM first album. I always loved Corea with Farrell, because of the pulsing sound Chick adds behind Joe's flutes, sax, etc., like rain drops or storming. Nice soprano. And ELVIN JONES! I put this up up around the "Joe Farrell Quartet" album, and Buster William's bass is great, so much I don't miss Mclaughlin or Dave Holland. A fresh sound, unparreled even now. It makes me want to see the Outback movie. The album cover is beautiful. Finally, the price is outstanding. Before Joe tried funky disco sounds and lost his way.
__label__1 Inappropriate for young children: In two of the episodes, the word "shut up" is used. My son is three years old and instantly picked up on it, repeated it, and told me it was a bad word, but that James and Duck (the trains) had said it. I would stay away from this one, especially if you have young, impressionable youngsters. I gave it one star, since the wooden dragon train came with it.
__label__2 DVD Features: Percy And The DragonOut in Augest06Storyteller: George CarlinStories stops:*Percy and the dragon*Donald and Doglass*The Deputation*Time For Trouble*A Scarf For Percy*The Dieasel*Edward's ExpliotsDVD Features:*DVD Game*Sing Along*Web Fun*charater GalleryAND MoreALSO Look For The Upcoming DVDsThomas Gets Tricked DVDBetter late than Never DVDOn Site With Thomas DVDANDCome Rides The Rails DVDAND DON"T FORGETThomas halloween adventure DVDTO BE COUNTINUED....
__label__2 My little Thomas fan loves this DVD!: My little Thomas fan loves any of the Thomas DVD's, no matter how many times he watches them. They are his favorite and I don't think that will change for a very long time. Thomas provides great life lessons like sharing, caring, and friendship. They get a thumbs up from me as well!
__label__2 yo ho ho: arrr matey yer not gonna sail the seven seas without this are ye? this flag will stand up to yer most extreme swashbuckling
__label__1 Illegible: It was an illegible **photocopy**. It appeared as if someone took a picture of every page of an original "Principles of Science", then faxed those pictures to the printer in order to produce this book.I returned it immediately.
__label__2 The only boots my husband will wear: These boots are very well made. my husband wears them for work and he loves them. They hold up well even with every day wear, got a year+ out of the last pair. he also says they are very comfortable.
__label__1 Why so expensive??!: Why does this series need to be so much more expensive than most of the other TV shows? Especially considering these don't even have the original soundtrack. The first thing I think of when I think about My Three Sons is the great music that went along with the show, and it's missing from this way over-priced version. As much as I love My Three Sons, I will wait for the original version to be released at a reasonable price before I buy.
__label__1 Spun Out: The best things about this heavily formula vehicle are (1) Elvis' opening production numbers (including a nicely staged "Adam And Evil"); (2) Deborah Walley's "girl drummer" role; (3) the Deusenberg; and (4) Elvis' closing production number, the medium walking blues "I'll Be Back". Everything else is redundant.
__label__1 The Road To Love Is Full Of Danger Signs...: Three lovely young ladies all want Elvis' gearstick in this craptastic musical comedy that's so bad it ROCKS! I just love the title song sequence where Les and the guys 'provide' Elvis with "...lots and lots of girls." And who was that chick, the blonde with the short cropped hair who literally shoves all the other chikadees aside to get up and spinout with the King? She looks like she's out to prove she can really score, and I never saw parts move like that before! Elvis looks embarrassed. Anyway, after you've crossed those double lines and Spinout you will want to do so again and again and again. Simply awful, but I mean that in a great way.
__label__2 Who else would have three beautiful women after him?: "Spinout" has Elvis playing a singing race car driver with three beautiful women who want to race him down the aisle to marriage. They are Shelley Fabares, Diane McBain, and Deborah Walley. Looks like Elvis has a tough decision. I can't decide myself. In "Spinout" you'll find two veteran stars in the height of their stardom: Cecil Kellaway and Una Merkel in one of her last roles. Also, the man who plays Shelley Fabares' father is Carl Betz who also starred with her as her father on "The Donna Reed Show". So, try to not to knock this movie. It's got great songs and the title tune was a top 40 hit by just that much. So, treat yourself to a swinging film that you just can't understand why Elvis wants to stay single.
__label__1 Presley's Worst Film: "Spinout" (1966) represents the nadir of Elvis Cinema - a bad sitcom without the laugh track. The only redeeming features are a few memorable songs, such as "I'll Be Back" and "Stop, Look and Listen." Buy the soundtrack and skip the movie.
__label__1 The music's better than the movie: SPINOUT is another hard movie to sit through, thanks to the weak dialogue and even weaker storyline.Elvis plays a singing race car driver (for the second time), who is being chased by three women. These include a spoiled brat (Shelley Fabares), an erotic author (Diane McBain), and his own drummer (Deborah Walley).The music is actually listenable in this picture. Highlights include "Stop, Look, and Listen" and "I'll Be Back".Elvis appears to be sleepwalking through this one. His appearance is also disturbing: slightly overweight and his hair looks like a big black ball on his head.Again, not QUITE the worst, but far from the best. Buy something more worthwhile first.
__label__1 NOT A GOOD SPIN FOR PRESLEY: This is not Presley's best vehicle but by this outing he was not being allowed to act anyway so he appears to be just going though the motions. The movie songs are not a real treat either, he seems to be singing to everyone including his enemies. (Where does the music come from when he sings anyway). When asked to do this movie Presley should have "JUST SAID NO"!!!
__label__2 Spinout: My husband and I love auto racing of all kinds. My husband loved this movie. I'm writing this review for him, as I'm not much of an Elvis Presley fan.
__label__1 Piece of junk!: This would be a nifty little contraption if it wasn't for the fact that you can't change the top -- my primary impetus for buying it.I have a Handspring Visor and lost my stylus. I didn't want to pay for shipping on a new stylus 3-pack from Handspring, so I went to Best Buy and purchased this instead. Not only can you not change the top so that it fits in the Visor properly, but now the entire headpiece falls out constantly so that the bottom part of the stylus gets stuck in the stylus-holder. Oh, and did I mention that the light function only works part of the time?Not worth your time or effort.
__label__2 Works and is easy to use: You drop a fixed number of drops into a fixed amount of water, as measured in the enclosed test tube up to the given line. The number of drops to use is listed right on the bottle. After a few minutes, you compare the color of the water to the color chart on a card, which gives you your nitrite level. It's plenty easy and effective.It could be even easier if the chart was on the bottle (no need for that extra card lying around), or if there was a test where you just stuck a gauge in some water and got the value, but I've never seen anything like that that doesn't expire at some point.
__label__2 Great Buy!: This item arrived well packed and undamaged. It looks exactly like the picture, was fairly easy to assemble and is sturdy and well made. Of course, it is an "assembly required" piece of furniture, but once put together, it looks like a really nice quality piece. My daughter loves it. It is sized for a child, and is too small for an adult. I think she'll be able to use it through age 11 or 12. It also has a convenient hole in the back of the hutch for her computer wire to poke through. I looked at this item EVERYWHERE including eBay, and Amazon was the cheapest of all. The chair comes included, so don't buy an extra chair separately!
__label__2 Great Desk!: This is the best kids' desk you will find for the money. I can almost guarantee that! It comes well packaged and requires very little assembly. The wood is solid, not the cheap particle board you find in most big box stores.
__label__2 good quality for price: This desk is really pretty. It is a good size, but not overly big in the room. I learned from other reviews that the chair is included with this desk purchase, and not to order the chair separately. I also ordered the matching 3-shelf bookcase, which is a slightly different shade of white, but nothing too noticeable--especially since they aren't by each other. We rubbed beeswax on the bottom of the drawer so it slides more easily. I would recommend this to anyone who doesn't want to spend a fortune, but still wants something that looks nice.
__label__2 Great desk and a great buy! Thanks Amazon:): We bought this desk for my seven year old daughter to keep her lap top on and to do homework. It was not to disappoint. The desk is perfect size for her to sit and work. Very high quality and easy to put together. I would highly recommend this product to others?
__label__2 Love KidKraft: I love this desk! In fact, I have two! One for my daughter and one for my son. They are beautiful, flawless and go together easily. They are sturdy and should last a many years. So happy with this purchase!
__label__2 Great Value for Less Money: I searched hi and low for a desk that would work in my son's small room -- I wanted a desk made of wood and available in honey finish to match his other furniture with a small hutch (as a large hutch wouldn't work)...and at a reasonable price. The Kidcraft Avalon Desk is perfect! I took off one star because I didn't realize how short it was - ok for my 9 yr old son now, but as he grows up I'm afraid he will outgrow the desk. It would be great if Kidcraft offered taller replacement legs so that the desk could be raised higher as your child grows. I feel the desk is sturdy enough to go off with my child to college if were not for the short height! Dear Kidcraft...please make taller replacement legs so that the desk can be "normal" desk height for later years, making is a "Teen"kraft desk ;-). Thanks.
__label__2 very nice: This desk is definitely worth the money. My daughter wanted a white desk with a hutch and had picked out many over [...] not including the chair. I ordered this one without her knowing and at first she was upset because the hutch is not that big. But once it was assembled she loves it. She is 8 and loves the little cubbies in the hutch. Everything is packaged nicely and there was not one scratch or ding or funny smells. The hardware had everything you needed (no extras) in separate baggies for the chair and desk. I put it together myself in about 1 hour. We did replace the knob with a blue glass knob from the hardware store just to make it a little more unique I guess and it looks great. With free supersaver shipping and no sales tax, there is no better buy out there. Trust me, I have looked!
__label__2 Very Satisfied: I was very pleased with this desk and chair- Was able to assemble it fairly easy and now my daughter is enjoying it very much- The desk is quite sturdy and the chair is strong- The delivery of my product was expedited quickly- Thank you very much
__label__2 Great value for good quality product: Love this desk and chair set. Bought it for my KG'er who is enjoying using it for his arts and crafts projects as well as for homework. It is good quality, took less than an hour to put together and definitely sturdy material - this coming from a mom of a very rambunctious 5yr old. The only thing is that I can see my kid growing out of it in 2 or 3 yrs. It's not very high and the chair is small, so is more catered to younger kids, i would say probably 8yrs and younger.
__label__2 If it's good enough for Popeye...: I always keeps a can of this fine product on me person. You never knows when some palooka wot ain't on the up and square is gonna need to be put in his place. It always leaves ya strong to the finish.
__label__2 A Must Have for ALL Aspects of Love Devotees!: Being a huge Aspects of Love fan, I was extremely excited to find another cast recording. I was sceptical however, after reading reviews for this recording. After listening to it, all of my fears were put aside. This is a wonderful recording that possesses both brisk conducting and deep emotion from its musical director. I felt that the cast was extremely dramatic and that the piece was very well sung. Having listened to several other ALW cast recordings I feel that this cast was excellent. A must have for all Aspects of Love devotees!
__label__1 Cheap and dangerous: Though I've had this only about a month, it is starting to go. It puts shards of sharp plastic in the food. (From searching the net on this, I find that my experience is not unique, either.)Do NOT buy.Other better brands include Unicorn (recommended by a famous cooking magazine), Peugeot, Firth, and William Bounds.
__label__1 Skip it - buy the full sized version: This one makes too small and too fine a grind of pepper to be useful in cooking. You'll be cranking away on this thing for ten minutes before you get enough crushed pepper to flavor anything.
__label__1 Slow: I bought this grinder because it could be operated with one hand. However I was very disappointed in the volume of pepper it puts out per squeeze. If you are looking for a good wrist strength training exerciser this is your grinder.
__label__1 Multilevel marketing meets education: I had to purchase this book for a community college class I'm taking. As a "textbook," it has been a complete disappointment. The "science" is sketchy, the research is shoddy, and the huge holes in logic are brushed over with explanations like "you can't prove nearly anything empirically in education" (straight from page 8!). Some of the concepts presented are interesting, but since Mr. Jensen (no, he doesn't hold a doctorate) provides almost no citations for his claims, there is no way to check his assertions or determine where the theories come from. The book reads like a multilevel marketing sales pitch. In fact, you are encouraged to share it with your friends and colleagues and are directed to a website where you could empty your bank account getting "certified" in Mr. Jensen's unique, "empirically unproven" techniques.
__label__2 Well-Researched, easy to read, practical: Mr. Jensen has saved me and other teachers the time of gathering together the latest information about the brain, learning and so much more! He has made all this scholarly research accessible and fun to read. I wish the deadwood at my school would at least read this book but I hope they would also use the great ideas in it, too, for the students' sake!
__label__1 "Pop" psychology at its worse...: ...Mr. Jensen and his wife have developed a veritable cottage industry replete with workshops, seminars, presentations, publications, certifications -- if you've got the money then they have something to sell you...and all of it is centered around what is termed "brain-based learning"...but what this book presents is little more than 400 pages of scientifically unsubstantiated claims and recommendations...for example, it claims that the color yellow somehow enhances intellectual performance and, hence, classrooms should be painted yellow...however, he doesn't offer a shred of evidence to back that claim up...it's all just ridiculous...how does this stuff ever make it into print?
__label__2 Get off the dead horse of "old school" education: To those seeking an outline of what education needs to practice so "no child is left behind" this book is a starting point about how people learn. The flow of the book is easy to follow and considers the research findings of how the brain learns in stages of life. Unlike those who consider brain research a "fad", I know from application of the knowledge in this book, the influential changes do produce positive results for students. In the world of "accountability" the tools of Brain Based teaching will allow students and teachers a solution in "leveling the field" for the students from less fortunate environments, which politicians are clueless about in regards the obstacles of "survivalists of poverty". I highly reccommend this book to those wishing to "get off the dead horse" and provide a productive environment for education in the 21st century.
__label__2 Easy read for brain information: This book was purchased for a PhD level course. It is a very easy read. It gives practical applications to the latest brain research. On a down note, there are not a lot of references documented within the text when Jensen quotes a study, but he does give an extensive bibliography. This book can be used for parents to read about how their child's brain works, or for teachers within a school system. It is a good book to read if you want basic information about the brain from an education standpoint.
__label__1 Fuzzy around the edges: I have only read the first 44 pages of this book, so I'd need to read the rest. So far, though, it is interesting but seems fuzzy. The writer makes a lot of claims but I was rarely sure if they were proven or just speculation. This is the kind of sentence that makes me queasy:"Given all the activations happening at once [in the brain], physical performance probably uses 100 precent of the brain" (p. 39).Probably? Why? Does any one activity use 100 percent of the brain? And if physical performance does, why is that important?
__label__1 Brain Based Learning: The New Paradigm of Teaching: I am currently reading the Kindle version of this book. The book itself is very easy to read and full of material to try in the class room. Unfortunately, there are no page numbers that correspond to the paper version of the book. As this is a text book, it is impossible to cite material and the page from which it was taken. This is really unacceptable for a text book. It is one thing if it were a literature book, and even then, it would be better to have the physical page number of the actual book. If I had known that there were no page numbers contained in this Kindle version, I would NOT have purchased it. I would have purchased a used hard copy.
__label__2 Brain based Learning: This is a text book I ordered for my classes for teacher certification. This book is very easy to read, and I am really enjoying it. It presents info and then at the end of a section, recaptures the essence of the reading for you. I would suggest it for any teaching class. I am learning so much from this book. I have been buying all my text books from Amazon because they are so much cheaper, and sometimes I can get free shipping. So far, there has not been a book that I could not find here at Amazon.
__label__1 Pop psychology at its worst: I find it hard to believe people fall for this stuff. He writes so much stuff that he pulls out of mid-air, supposedly based on the brain research. If you are unfortunate enough to take a class that requires this, read it carefully. He jumps to conclusions with little to no evidence to back it up. Plus, he is neither a teacher nor a neurologist. He just found something he can write about and sound like an expert. Plus the writing seems written for, we'll, let's say, young readers. Very simplistic, which is not always bad, but in this case, it is.Again, read carefully. Analyze his statements and look for the actual scientific proof for them. You will be hard-pressed to find any, either in his book or elsewhere. Total fluff.
__label__1 "Science": "On average, we breathe through one nostril for about three hours until the tissue becomes slightly engorged; then we switch to the other side. The nostril we breathe through affects which brain hemisphere we use." (p25)"[T]he female brain processes both language and feeling at the same time far more efficiently than the male brain does." (p20)These two quotes should tell you what you need to know about the quality of the "science" contained in this book.Lord, if this is what we teach our teachers...
__label__2 An essential book for movie lovers everywhere: As far as I'm concerned the most important holiday every year is Academy Awards night, with the second most important being the day the nominations are announced. Obviously, the Academy Awards are my life and Inside Oscar is my Bible. No matter what page you open this book, you'll be totally drawn and completely forget about time. If I had one complaint it's that too much time is spent on recent years while earlier decades are given less attention. Still, it's such a wonderfully written book, so catty and bitchy, but all in fun; I can't wait for the next edition and find out all the shenanigans involving Titanic and how it's possible Helen Hunt beat Kate Winslet....
__label__1 Two thumbs down - way down!: This book was in one word - boring. It talks about the first academy awards...blah, blah, blah...and then the latest. The book is filled with usless babble that isn't even worth knowing! Listen people - DO NOT waste your money buying this book and/or your time reading this book! What a wasteful piece of crap...
__label__2 Oscar Euphoria!: This book is amazing. Its year-by-year descriptions are historical and often suspensful. I remember the first time I read this book, before I knew the outcome of many of the years' awards; each year was a new drama with Mr. Wiley and company setting up the atmosphere of the race. Now, fifteen years later, I own the latest edition of Inside Oscar. It is a constant source of amusement and information. The writing is skillful and clever, and the categorical listing at the back is an invaluable reference. Every year during Oscar season, I will pick up an article by some journalist whose grasp of Oscar history is minimal, and I wonder why they don't just look up who REALLY won in Inside Oscar. I know Mr. Wiley is no longer with us, but I hope Mr. Bona and company continue the great work for future editions. I know I'd love to be a contributor to this tremendous work.
__label__2 The winner is...."Inside Oscar": If you enjoy the hype of the Academy Awards, this is the book for you. Plenty of behind-the-scenes action that you're not going to find by simply watching the Academy Awards. It's gossipy, dishy, and dirty...a definite guilty pleasure. Great index of past Academy Award winners and nominees as well.
__label__1 This is a Bootleg,Don't buy.: I would like to recommend to anyone who have thought of buying this box set, to stay away. I've been a die-hard Metallica fan since the 80's, and i have never bought a bootleg album w/out hearing something off of it. I'm also in the Official Metallica Club, we are notified weeks before anyone else that a new album is coming out. They never mensioned this one, so then again i'd advise you to stay away from this item. The Garage Inc. CD is great. I've got all the versions of it except this one. I of course don't plan on getting it though. Who in their right mind would pay almost $140 for an item not even licensed by the band. I hope everyone who was thinking about buying this reads this first, so you all don't get ripped off.
__label__1 This is NOT a bootleg: This is simply not a bootleg. It was an overseas limited box set release. The band (or label) has done similar box sets. They did one for the Hero Of The Day single, limiting it to 1,000 copies. They also have plans to release a limited vinyl box soon. This is simply a collectable, nothing more than that. There are no music extras in this box.As a limited box it doesn't really offer very much at all. The CD you can purchase anywhere and the packaging of the actual disc(s) is no different than the standard (Vertigo) version. Do we really need a hat and a flag?For die hard collectors only.
__label__2 The book that tought me color.: Itten's analysis and application of color is thoughtful and scientific. As a practicing art director, I have successfully used the theories and methods explained in "Elements of Color" for over twenty years. I also teach them to my design classes. Whether you use a paintbrush or a mouse, his "seven color contrasts" will prove invaluable.
__label__1 Kindle edition has Black and white images?!: I've seen printed versions of this book and I've been thinking about getting it for a while. Never in my wildest dreams did I think the kindle version would be in black and white. When discussong color and showing diagrams showing the actual colors really helps. I am soo soo disappointed with this purchase. The books content itself is amazing but I'm going to rethink ordering ebooks from amazon in the future.
__label__1 Way over my head!: This book was recommended by an instructor. I am new to this crazy pursuit of oil painting. My instructor called this her "bible" of color theory, but I honestly didn't understand much of it. Way too detailed, written in language that may be appropriate for someone who has a degree in fine art or art education, but certainly not for a beginner. 
